Approval Process for Areas on Shadowgate MUD

** This process will be adhered to WITHOUT exception **

IMPORTANT

	The approval process has been set up to provide guidelines for 
wizards to work within in order to insure that game does not become 
neither too hard nor too easy for players.  Further, at Shadowgate,
it is used to make sure that the basic theme of the MUD, as outlined
by the Gods, is not compromised.  Shadowgate, in rules and in spirit,
is strictly an AD&D MUD.  Deviations from this theme will be considered,
but will be eyed very critically by the Approval admins.  Despite 
all of this, please do not consider these rules to be here to restrict
your creativity, that is not their purpose.  Their purpose is to 
direct your creativity and efforts in a direction that will be
beneficial to the MUD.  Lastly, feel free to direct questions at
the Approval team at any point in this process.  We want to open
your new area as much as you do for the greater glory of the MUD.

APPROVAL PROCESS


1.	Find your sponsor or an admin and talk to him/her about what
	you want to do with the area.  If they like it, ask them if
	they will talk it over with the Approval admins and get the
	idea approved.  You can start working on it before you get
	approval, but if it is not approved, for whatever reason, you 
	will have wasted your time.
	
2.	You will be given access to the new directory created for 
	your area.  Anything new that you create for the area should
	be placed in here.  You can use your home directory to test
	objects, but any area that calls on files in your home
	directory WILL NOT BE OPENED.  No exceptions, for any
	reason.
	
3.	You are encourged to use standard objects that have been pre-
	approved, for weapons or items that will be the same
	throughout the MUD.  For instance, the standard weapons are
	located in /d/shadow/obj/weapon/.  If you use items from
	another area directory, you must make absolutely certain that
	it will work in your area, and you should NOT copy the file
	into your area directory UNLESS you have changed it.  This
	saves on RAM and CPU usage.
	
4.	The Approval team encourages you to make traps and puzzles
	that make the user think instead of just hack and slash.
	By no means are these required for area approval, but they
	are nice.  If you do have these things we do require you
	to point out any traps that may cause death to a
	player.  Inescapable death traps are NOT allowed.
	
5.	Any magic items you create need to be pointed out, because
	they can easily mess up balance.  Be sure to look at the
	weapons docs <help weapons> for rules about magic weapons
	and the magic item docs <help magic_items> for rules about 
	items.
	
6.	When you are ready to have your area approved, mail arch
	a note with the following:
	
	% Name of area
	% Wizards working on it
	% Directory it is in
	% Dfficulty level of the area (newbie, level 10-15, high mortal, 
	etc.)
	% The filenames of, or the directory with any
	new magic items
	% The location of death traps
	% Any quest information
	% When you are available to give the admins a tour of the area. 
	If you can't be around, please provide a map of the area.
	
	The admins will mail back in response and start looking things over.
	The area needs to be approved by 2 admins (1 Law, 1 Balance).  When
	that occurs, your area can be opened. (NOTE: DO NOT BOTHER THE APPROVAL
	ADMINS WHEN THEY ARE APPROVING!  Approval is long job and admins
	are busy people too.  Please be patient.)
	
7.	You must maintain your area.  If the rules change or bugs are not
	corrected in the area, it can be closed by any admin until it is fixed. 
	Fixing such an area takes precedence over all other projects so there is
	as little as possible disruption of the game.
	
	END
	
	Direct any questions about Approval to Aragorn, Melnmarn or Thorn
	
See also:  wiz_rules, balance
