We can always use more quests, but please think about any quest a while
before you start to code it.

Once you have let an idea sit in your mind a while and have a pretty firm idea
of what you want to do, you should post your idea on the planning bulletin
board.  This is for 2 reasons.  The first is so you and someone else do
not end up coding the same kind of quest, which would also allow you to
team up with any other immortals working on a similar idea to make one 
awesome quest.  The second reason is so that I can get an idea of what
you are going to do before you do it.

What are the rules reguarding quests?  Really there are none except that they
be imaginative and well thought out.  The only objections I can see myself
raising are against quests coded just to hurry and get one up and against
those which are basically impossible to do.  And believe me, it takes a lot
to convince me that a quest is impossible :)

And there is absolutely nothing wrong with a quest for utter novices.
Like I said, it matters not that it is easily done with some thinking, it just
matters that it is a well thought a quest.

Quests should be fun for the player to do.  (Well not maybe so fun for the
player who only has eyes on wizhood).

Don't get yourself upset about the fact that players tell each other about
the quests. 1) It is a fact of life whether a mud tries to ban it or not.
2) I personally see nothing wrong with players talking to each other about
quests.  I do see a lot wrong with immortals doing it however. 3) You should
be coding the quest so it is a challenge to those who might know the details
of the quest.

An unimaginative way of doing this is to make all the monsters 19th level
monsters you have to kill.

I personally think that thinking quests are much better than hack and slash
quests, but that is just my bias.  Where I have a serious problem with
a hack and slash quest is when it is that way just to cover up the immortal's
inability to come up with any good ideas on how to make the quest challenging
without putting level 19 and 20 monsters in you have to kill.

When you finish coding your quest, mail me in the same manner you did for
getting your castle approved.  In that mail I want to know the level of
player the quest is geared for in one letter.  Then I want a second letter
telling me how exactly to do the quest.  The reason for two letters is
that I want to try to do the quest myself.  Just because I can't do it
won't disqualify a quest :)  I will judge on whether it was just my
inattention or blockheadedness that caused me to go astray, or whether
it was something that I felt nobody in the world could do. I'll bet more
often than not it is my fault :)

I will use the second letter, naturally, for reference.

