A weapon specials faq by Bane for limiting the use of weapon special functions.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ok first off lets try to look at the overall balance of the mud before we
create a weapon with a special function.  How is your weapon going to affect
the mud as a WHOLE, and I don't just mean your area I mean the entire mud.
Are you creating a +5 sword that can behead creatures in one fell swoop?
Take a look at your creation and think about what kind of affect it will
have on the other areas and how it fits into YOUR area.  I am writing this
faq to remind all of you that we are working towards a common goal here.
To create a nice balanced mud, a pleasant playing environment for everyone.
We are NOT using our wiz powers for a popularity contest and not to make
the most powerful items and areas in the game.  Weapons should be limited
to area level restrictions first off.  There shouldnt be a +5 axe in a 
newbie area!  In fact +5 weapons shouldnt be coded without consulting
administrators first because of the raw power the contain.  As for the
set_hit function it should be limited based on the enchantment of the
weapon.  If a weapon is +1 the set function should do no more than an
additional 10 points of damage maximum, or one other special effect such
as a short paralyze.  A +2 weapon should do no more than 20 points of
additional damage or 10 damage and one special effect such as paralyze.
So for each +1 of the weapon there should be no more than 10 points of
additional damage in the set_hit OR a different special effect.  For
example...I have a +4 long sword, I have a set_hit that randomly works
1 in 10 times it hits.  In the set_hit i have it do an additional roll
for damage of 3,10 or 3d10(in AD&D terms) and it also has a change of
paralyzing for a round.  Under no circumstance should a weapon do more
than an additional 50 points of damage in the set_hit function for that
is entirely too much damage for AD&D characters to endure.  Also any function
which even has the chance to do that much damage should rarely succeed
to provide some fairness to the other players and even the creatures
of our game world.  Overall we can say that each +1 enchantment on a
weapon provides one 'slot' for a set_hit function...each slot can do up
to 10 points of additional damage or do one minor special effect.  Thirty
points of additional damage will take up 3 slots on a weapon and paralyze
for a few rounds would take up 1 slot.  Other special functions may use up
more than one slot such as a beheading ability.  Such an ability should use
up approximately 4 slots and should be extremely rare.  Other powers can be
slot determined by administrators in special cases.

Thank you for your time and all questions can be mailed or directed to Bane.

Bane (7/15/97)
