nununununununununununununununununununununununununununununununununununun

      ShadowGate MUD --- Wizard/Coder/Immortal Rules of Conduct
	  
nununununununununununununununununununununununununununununununununununun


I.	RESPONSIBILITIES TO PLAYERS

1.	As a wizard, you have asked to be included in the creation of
this MUD to help others enjoy themselves.  We are here to see that
they can do that at this MUD better than any similar MUD
on the Net.  Wizards should have fun here as well, but use of
wizard power to show-off is not proper.  

2.	As a wizard you have access to a great deal of hidden information
on quests and traps, etc.  Giving any information out that is designated
as secret is illegal.  Even if it is not specifically designated as secret,
you are advised to keep silent about other wizards' projects.

3.	Only admins may approve reinbursements for victims of game bugs. 
If a player requests one, you should alert a visible admin or mail
arch with the problem.  

4.	Disputes with players is not uncommon, but this does not release
you from your responsibilities.  Using your powers to harass, scare,
or otherwise effect a user for the worse is highly illegal and can
result in instant demotion.

II.	RESPONSIBILITIES TO OTHER WIZARDS

5.	As with players, disputes between wizards are possible.  In cases
of dispute, use of wizard powers to adversely affect another wizard
is highly Illegal.

6.	All wizards have a right to privacy to work in peace and quiet.  
Annoying another wizard who is working on the MUD is not proper.
Locked workrooms and private discussions are not to be compromised.

7.	All disputes between wizards are not to be brought to the 
attention of the players.  Those wizards leaking rumors or
stories of problems undermine the ability of another wizard or
group of wizards to work and goven the MUD.  Those responsible
will be punished heavily.

III. GENERAL RULES

8.	The presence of wiz tools is permitted on the MUD as long as
they fulfill a purpose that cannot be carried out with existing
commands AND do not allow illegal actions that would compromise
the balance and security of MUD.  Approval by Law is required.

9.	Blantant disrespect for an admin or a fellow wizard is not
proper and may be punishable in some cases.

10.	Trying to gain unauthorized filesystem access is illegal
and is punishable.


11.    Shout's, echoalls, and any other command that sends messages
whole, or a large portion of the mud are not allowed. They are processor
intensive, and annoying. If you feel you have a need to use one, ask
an admin first.
