Guild Rules

1) A potential guild will need at least four active players in order to be founded. The founding group must consist of a HM guild leader, two guild High Commanders (HCs), and at least one normal member.  The guild leader must be a HM that is playing actively (logging in at least once every two weeks,) but does not necessarily need to be an active or visible member of the guild after its founding.  At least two HCs are required to found a guild in order to assist the leader in the day to day operations of the guild and to maintain leadership continuity for when the leader is not logged in.  The HCs do not need to be HM.  Finally, normal guild membership is open to all characters that do not have PK immunity (those under level 20 unless they've forfeited their immunity with the nopk command.)  Alts are not allowed to be members of the same guilds, or those that are reasonably considered to be enemy guilds under any circumstances.

2) Clearly stated goals must be provided to the imms upon application for founding a guild.  The goals must outline the guild's objective, place within the mud's setting, and type of people you expect to be members.

3) All guild real estate and items will be paid for by the guild itself or by the guild members on its behalf.  The base price for a guild HQ is 1 million gold plus any additions, which are subject to the normal HM house pricing guidelines.  Guild HQ will be open to player attack and the guild is responsible to pay for all upkeep and repair of property.  The guild HQ cannot be made to be completely impregnable to attack.

4) If the HM leader is inactive from the mud for more than two months and there are no other HM members of the guild, the guild will be placed in an inactive status.  During this time any in progress plots and coding projects will be put on hold.  If a guild is in an inactive status for more than three months it will be placed into retirement status.  At this point control of the guild passes to the imms and they maintain the right to continue to allow the guild to exist through imm plots or to disband completely.