This help file is a preserved post from one of our avatars.  It 
explains the naming conventions as well as why we need one.  
Please read and follow it carefully.

First off we have to ask ourselves why we would need a naming convention at
all.

The name you choose as your character's true name should reflect the
atmosphere and the spirit of the game. This is the name that you'll 
use to sign your (OOC)posts with. This would be the name the immortals 
know you as, and it is under this name you speak on the lines, ask 
questions, help newbies, etc. This would also in most cases be the 
name that you first and foremost are known as.

A name like 'craphead' doesn't really cope with credibility.

Nothing stops you from introducing yourself as Freddie 'fastfingers'
Fernbed to another player as long as your name isn't 'fastfingers'. And let
the other player decide by himself what he will recognize you as. If
aliases are ever implemented this point might change.

Here's the rule...

Names that states feelings. Fear, Agony, Dread, Deathwish
Combo names like Nightfall, Stormweaver, Archangel, Blackfalcon
Species names like Troll, Sphinx, Trolloc, Myrddraal
Munchkin names like Haytread, Ymodos

...will from now on not be accepted. 

We hate to police so if this isn't followed we'll give you a note to change
name and then just hand it to the wizzes.

We accept names from fantasy novels/movies/games. We haven't read all
novels, played all games or seen all movies. We cannot control it at all so
we will just pray that you people have enough sense to make a name of 
your own. Please avoid well-known names.  Drizzt, Gandalf, Bilbo, 
Tanis ... tsk.tsk.tsk.

Certain races argue that some names would fit better to for instance elves
or goblins. EXA: 'Waterfall', 'Mistmountain' 

Sure I say, in 'elven' your name might be 'Mistmountain', but why don't
just make a name like 'Alanolathonil Belasfoshan' instead and tell people
that it means 'Mistmountain' and let them decide if they want to call you
that. 

We have to keep in mind, while there are many elf adventurers now there
will never be more elves than humans in the realms and the common tounge
(english) should be the mark we compare names to. 

i.e. Names aren't 'mistmountain' they are 'Alanolathonil'.

And finally, if you cannot think of a name that sounds worthy of the race,
then please DO NOT EVEN BOTHER picking that race.

Have fun,

[Helm]
