Prospective Immortal Information


  ShadowGate encourages players who have coding ability or
experience to become immortals.  Since this is a sensitive
and important permission, we need to be selective in choosing
our coders.  For that reason we have instituted the following
requirements to become an immortal here.

1.  Players seeking to be immortals must have reached level
20 (high mortal status).

2.  They must obtain the sponsorship of an immortal of Creator
or higher.  This is to insure that they recieve the proper
training and supervision to be useful coders for the MUD.

3.  Once they have been promoted to Apprentice a coder has
two weeks to complete an acceptable 20 room area that will
be used for the game.  This area can use standard monsters
and objects, but the coder must create at least one unique
monster, weapon and room action in the area.  This  
requirement may be fulfilled by another project approved 
in advance by the Master of Apprentices and the coder's
sponsor.

4.  Apprentices must completely devote their time to coding
until they have been promoted to Creator.  They may not 
use their player characters until they have completed the
requirements for promotion.  If the two weeks passes without
the completion of the requirements or special permission,
the apprentice will not be demoted, nor jailled, but rid.

5.  Extra characters will not be generated for the use of the
apprentice.  Any apprentice coder must have their primary
player character (the one over level 20) promoted from mortal
status to apprentice.  

    If these requirements seem to be demanding and rigorous,
they are.  We have no intention to scare away people who 
legitimately wish to code and help out.  However, in the past
there have been those who wish to be immortals for reasons 
other than helping out (power-trip, mere curiousity) and those
who have the right reasons, but possibly don't realize what 
is involved.  These people will most likely not make it 
through the Apprentice portion of the immortal status, and we
are requiring you to make a thoughtful decision by our
procedure of ridding your character should you fail to make
the grade.  Of course, even if you are rid in this manner, 
you are welcome to continue to play here and even re-apply
to immortal status later if you meet the requirements.  We
make the following suggestions if you are still thinking about 
this after reading the requirements:

 - Immortals for the most part code in the langauge of the MUD,
a derivative of C called LPC (Hence SG is an LPmud).  Your
understanding of coding here will be enhanced by your 
knowledge of standard programming languages such as C/C++ (best),
Java (a close second), Pascal, and even BASIC or FORTRAN.

 - Being a Computer Science major will be helpful, but quite
a few of our best coders are not.  History majors with a 
good understanding of LPC can code rings around Engineers,
if they take the time to learn the skills involved.

 - Understand that we are coding for AD&D here.  Imagination
is really cool, but it will not be helpful if you decide that
your idea of imagination is pitting the starship Enterprise 
against Cathardon the red dragon.  We like Star Trek too,
but we will start getting Medieval on people who decide to
be blatantly absurd.

 - Finally, coding takes a LOT of time.  There is legitimately
some distress among good coders as to the fact that they
lose out on a social life, classes and eating just to code
stuff.  Even the best people will find that this gets to them
after awhile.  We have no specific time requirements, you can
feel free to go to happy hour or take vacations without us
caring, but if you have an active social life as one of your
life goals, a MUD codership may not be for you unless you 
budget your time well.

  This file will be placed in the helpfile new_coder if you wish
to look at it at any time.  Thanks!    
