Welcome back.

Several new things have been added to the mud over our closing time.
First some of the stuff you prob will not be happy about.

Exp: We have lowered most of the exp on most of the areas.
	This is not an attempt to hurt you but simply to make you 
	find more places to explore.
	
Exp requirements: We have not adjusted the exp requirements.But
	We feel that as we expand the areas available we can put
	some more restriction on exp. Several suggestions made are metered
	experience based on how many things yo kill in straight combat. Trophy
	experience based on the number of times you've killed a certain monster.
	And upping the over all exp reuirements fo leveling.

Alignment Change: Please be more careful about your alignments. 
	Alignment changing hurts ALOT. We are going through and finding
	the obviously good/evil monsters and actions and they will effect
	your alignment.

Cursed Weapons: 5% of the enchanted weapons on the mud are now cursed.
	As near as I cn tell you can't unwield them once wielded. As of 
	now Death is only way to free yourself of them. Be careful.

Now some interesting things

Multi-classing: Well DUH. figure it all out for yourself :)

Assassin kit: The long awaited assassins are in. Thats all I have to say.
	You have to figure the rest out.

Trainers: Every 5 levels (5th lowest level for multiclassing) you are 
	required to find your trainer. You will be told to go find your 
	trainer and you will be given hints as to where he/she is. All you
	need to do is simply advance in that room. The challenge is finding 
	the room.

Forest Quest: Its a quest can't say much. But its been changed.

Good stuff:

Watch: New type of thing to allow for a player to watch his/her own back.
	This will lower the chance of a thief successfully stabbing him/her
	in the back. When you are stabbed once, you automatically are put 
	into a limited form of watch to prevent the scripted/macro'd 
	multi stabs....Sorry Angels.
	
Scramble: New thief command. look it up, its nice.


