                      Welcome to the world of Shadowgate.

The world of Shadowgate can be quite confusing as with more features also comes more complexity and more to learn.  As a new player (or newbie) you have special protections to help you familiarize yourself with the world.

0: RULES> All players are required to read and follow the rules of ShadowGate.  Words in < > here are things you type to get the information they refer to.  
   Type <help rules> to get a list of the current rules.  It is your responsibility to understand and obey the rules. If you are caught breaking them, you will face consequences.  All players are also expected to know about line use. Type <help line use> to see these guidelines.

Players are expected to know and follow all rules in these files.

1: PROTECTION> Until you reach player status (level 6) you will not be subject to stealing or pickpocketing from thieves and bards PCs (mobs may still steal from you).  You will also not be involved in player killing and should not loot the corpse of other PC's accordingly.
   While you remain a newbie, it is important that you do not provoke non-newbies or other newbies to where they would want to attack you for your actions.  RP reactions such as disdain, distrust, fear, or attempts to convert them from their ways etc. are, however, encouraged as you encounter those you would expect to be your enemy in the outside world.
   Provocation while hiding behind newbie protection may result in various penalties as well as removal of your newbie status.  If you have played before and aren't a real newbie, you are still expected to begin your character development in the newbie area and interact with the others there.  

Once you find your way out of the newbie area, your newbie status will be removed at the second gate (there is a clear sign) unless you have already lost it from finding your trainer.
   Note - the CHARACTER is still new, and you are expected to RP that the character does NOT know the things you as the player know.  Do NOT take advantage of that knowledge to level faster or get better equipment faster than this character has found by actual exploration. 

2: STARTING> You will need to familiarize yourself with the weapon proficiency and language systems. <help feats>, <help skills> and <help language> will get you started.  

When you enter Offestry, you will be given a map of the city, so be sure to use it.  You will also want to keep a map for yourself as you go in case you get lost exploring.

You can check to see how much <money> you have to use in buying equipment.  You can ask other players of your class and race to see what equipment is best for you.

The area of Offestry that you start in is fairly isolated from the rest of Shadowgate.  Once you have reached 6th level, you will want to start thinking about finding the road out.  It is to the south of Offestry and will lead you to a mining cart that will take you out of the newbie area.

When you are injured, you can <heal> yourself or buy healing potions from the healers in various towns.

By checking your <score>, you can see how much experience you need to get to the next level.

Once you have earned this, you may <advance> in certain places (type <help advance> to see details on your training). 

It is a good idea to look at what help files are available to you by just typing <help> and looking at the list.

There are posters with a wealth of information organized by topic in the rooms off of the ooc area which is accessible from the Offestry town square.
