The following are the changes to the guild system and the requirements that will be in place for the new guilds of shadowgate.  We will welcome many guilds as long as we feel that the purpose of the guild is roleplay.  We reserve the right to deny a request for any reason.

Guilds will be written up by the wizzes.  Most changes will require the help of a suitable wiz, and some will need wiz approval.

1)  First of all, a guild needs a suitable player and leader base.  A guild requires 1 leader of HM status. To start it requires at least 2 High Commanders of HM status. They also need 3 regular members of greater than 10th level.
  Guilds will be required to present their 'creed' to the wizzes upon application as this is what we will base whether or not we will accept your guild or if you are playing by your own rules.

2)  Guild membership will only be lightly watched by wizzes and avatars, mostly on the subjet of multiple charachter cheating.  A single charachter will be allowed to be in multiple guilds if they so desire and are accepted.  It is completely up to the HC to allow a person into a guild.
  This means that if the HC want, someone such as Beowulf could be allowed into the Order if they decide to accept him.  This will only be questioned if we think the motives of the player are in question, as in if we think an evil person in a good guild does intend to be a good person.

3)  Wizes and Avatars will have a say in what happens to the guild.  You make your rules, you will have to follow them.

4)  Guild HC will be controlled by the leader in the game.  No more mailing the wizzes to change HC, though a wiz will have to change the leader.

5)  Guild powers are being removed.  At some point they may return in a different form, but not in the format they currently exist.

6)  Existing guilds will be disbanded.  The reason being that the current guilds have no real link to their originators.  We want the guilds to mean somthing more to the players.

7)  Locations of a guild hall will be chosen by the creators with wiz approval.  Not all guilds will be able to have space in a single town (like Shadow).

8)  All guilds will be assualtable by other guilds and any other player.  This means if your hall is found any player can try to get into it.

9)  Guilds can be secret.  This means that you will not have an entry in 'help guilds.'   You will still be required to write a help that will be visible to the wizzes avatars and your guild members.  This will be how we can check up on you.

10)  Guilds will have to buy EVERYTHING.  Basic guild will consist of 3 rooms, a leader's control room, a bookie, and a central room.  Everything else will need to be purchased.  This includes:
    Guild Itens, other rooms, boards, GUILD LINES, the right to keep your guild, protection (guards, barracks and protected entry),  possible 'dues', multiple escape routes.

   Prices will vary on opulence of what you want.  A castle is more expensive than a hut.
   You can request special items, but when you buy it other guilds will also have the option to buy the same thing.
   Prices are being decided upon.
   If you are currently in a guild this does not mean start giving your money to your bookie.  Keep it in the bank for now because your bookie may not be the one you have now.



Applications must have on them your HC, your members, and a short version of what you will stand for and your membership requirements.  'We allow anyone' is not a valid membership requirement.  Don't explain what you want for a guild hall or anything like that yet.  Get your idea approved before you go into stuff like that.  Please, be specific, be original, and be creative.  Ideas we find interesting will go much further than the same old idea over again.  Also quite important is a name for your guild.
