Lirremar is a psiocracy on the eastern coast of the Tsarven empire.  It is one of the seven nations that make up the empire, and it shares many characteristics with the others (namely, the decidedly "Arabian Nights" feel :P).

Its capital city is Porrenath, also its major port.  Lirremar is known for many things, most notably the Lirremaran skyships that can be seen dotting the sky above the country.  Other technological advances make the country somewhat different from its neighbors, as does its heavy concentration of psions.

While psions may be born into any nation in the realms, the people of Lirremar have a greater chance, mostly through arranged marriages between psions that produce further psionic offspring.  Legends of the Lirremaran state that ages ago, psionic creatures such as the kirre and couatl were placed in the realms to protect the people of Lirremar.  Naturally, these creatures loved the Lirremaran people, their charges, and petitioned the gods to grant some of the unique gifts they possessed to the Lirremaran people.  The gods must have obliged, as a high concentration of psions has been found in the region ever since.

The psiocracy is ruled by "psiarchs", a collection or council of sorts of the highest ranking noble psions in the lands.  Their positions are hereditary, though occasionally extremely powerful psions may be granted a position on the council as well.

Lirremar prizes order and knowledge above all else.  Some in the country have long pushed for emperial expansion, however, and view the recent happenings in Phaederia as a cause to explore the unknown reaches of the north.  The majority of the people in the country, however, want simply a balanced, orderly life for all Lirremaran citizens.

Non-psionic people in Lirremar fall into a wide variety of professions.  There is a clear division between the psionic and non-psionic elements of society, much like the difference between nobles and commoners in other societies.  Adding to the complexity of the social order is the division among psions between noble psions and common psions.  A noble psion will never use his psionic abilities as a profession, while it is quite usual for a common psion to work as a "sell mind" or something similar, providing telepathic or other services to the common folk for a fee.  Interestingly, it should be noted that noble psions often use their abilities in the employ of the psiarchs, but that is not seen with the same disdain.

