%^BOLD%^%^YELLOW%^I WOULD READ THIS IF I WERE YOU!!!!!!

	Okay here's the deal on several things
	
	Immortals read this too please.. I know its rough on you but hey...
	
	
PKILLING:
	Okay, Pkilling without provocation is considered an evil act. Remember 
that for later. 
	definitions:
		Okay, these may not be universally aggreeable, but they are used 
		in a universal manner by the machine.. not wizes.. so that 
		despite any thoughts about these defs., they will be enforced 
		universally without prejudice and with machinelike fairness. 
		
	provocation:
		This we have defined by the presence of your name on the 
		the person you attacked list of unprovocated pkills. Including 
		you being attack. (NOTE: once you avenge a pkill your name is
		removed from said list) If any sort of bounty, legal or otherwise,
		exists on the person then that is considered provocation.
			
	evil:
		This is defined in individual monsters, rooms, or actions. It
		holds for all players who interact with said monsters etc.
		The highest evil act is pkilling unprovoked. It is worth
		twice the "evil points" of anything else. if you accumulate 
		"points" you will loose your alignment and for certain classes
		your skills and abilities.
			
	good:
		This too is defined in individual monsters, room, and actions.
		The are simply the positive side of "evil points." Accumulate
		these to cancel "evil points." These will also change your alignment
		in the manner of "evil points." Classes which have lost skills
		can regain them and their standing by accumlating these points.
			
		
	The system:
			
		The pkilling system is based on a 3 strikes your out system.
		Three unprovocated pkills and a bounty will be issued. A 
		standard law bounty is worth 1000 xp and 100 gp per level
		of the bounty. 
			
		Personal bounties can be placed on any player. You need to
		go to a bounty office and post the bounty. You will need to 
		bring the money you want to use as a reward in gold. The 
		collection of these bounties is more precarious then that of
		law bounties. Good players and sometimes neutral players need to 
		be wary of simply collecting these bounties. The money will
		always be granted but, if you collect a bounty on people by
		people of certain alignments then the xp will not be granted and 
		your lack of judgement willbe rewarded with "evil points".
			
		Well now the question of does what you kill efect your alignment
		is answered... in most cases no... but be careful, these alignment
		effecting monsters will prob be pretty obvious.
			>>>paladins no killing of lost childern any more<<<
			
			
PLEASE NOTE THIS CAN BE AGAIN FOUND IN HELP PKILLING
			
