Knights are, above all, champions of higher powers. The nature of a knight is as varied as the myriad causes he or she may choose to adopt, but the knight exists only as long as the devotion to a higher power does.

Knights devote themselves to a single higher power - typically a church, a certain noble or noble house, a city or nation, or at times even a single ideal such as justice - that typically lasts throughout their lives.  The knight's devotion is not a fickle matter, changed at whim or abandoned when following the higher power becomes cumbersome.  The devotion is in the knight's marrow, helping to shape every decision and action.

Most knights are members of the upper social class or nobility of a given society, though there are stories of members of the lower class rising to become a knight.  The honor bestowed upon a knight is passed down through the ages as a mark of pride to his or her descendents.  With the reverence gained through knighthood comes the responsibility of acting on the behalf of the knight's chosen cause or higher power. 

Knights are masters of mounted combat, cutting an imposing figure on the battlefield.  A knight is expected to defend his or her cause and to take part in any armed conflict in which the chosen higher power is involved.  Knights of various causes often have a particular charge that they are expected to uphold, though the charges for various causes are often quite different.

Knights can sometimes be found pursuing lofty goals, such as eradicating evil or seeking justice for all, though they could also be braggarts and bullies who use their status and privilege for their own gain.  A knight must answer to his or her chosen higher power, and there can often be severe repercussions for failing to follow the given charge, including being expelled from the knighthood.

Knights of various faiths and alignments can look and behave quite differently but are recognizable through their affinity for mounted combat, utter devotion to a cause, and drive to be exemplars of their chosen causes.

The following phrases may or may not apply to a given knight but are provided for roleplay consideration/inspiration:
Before all else, a knight is faithful.
A knight's valor is a measure of her faith.
Humility in all things. 
Patience outlasts all.
Loyalty to true friends, vengeance to betrayers and foes.
Benevolence is a balm to all souls.
Integrity is the foundation on which things of value are built.
Mercy for those that deserve mercy.
Generosity is the left hand of <deity>.
Chivalry is the height of a knight's virtues.
There is no mercy, only judgment.
An ethical code establishes tradeoffs toward the greater good and weighs all the negative and positive results of an action, apart from moral absolutes. Thus, decisions are based upon the greatest good for the greatest number.
All utterances must begin with devotion to the chosen deity.
A knight is joyful and proud of his cause and should display it without reservation.
A knight should be a missionary for her cause.
Noble services cheerfully rendered.
Defense of any charge unto death.
Courage and enterprise in obedience to rule.
Respect for all peers and equals.
Honor to all above your station. 
Obedience and respect from all beneath your station.
Scorn for those who are lowly and ignoble.
Military prowess exercised in service to your cause.
Courtesy to all ladies.
War is the flowering of chivalry.
Battle is the test of bravery.
Combat is glory.
Personal and patron's glory above all in battle.
Death to all who oppose the cause.
Death before dishonor.
Any means necessary may be used to achieve the goals of the cause.

Clearly, not all of these traits can (or should) be applied to a single character.  As you craft your knight, consider his or her religion, chosen cause, and any charge or guidelines provided by the cause before determining which should apply to your character.  Every knight should have a charge or set of guidelines to follow, whether they are in game or created by you.
