                          Schools of Magic

  Although all wizard spells are learned and memorized the same way, they
fall into nine differt schools of magic.  A school of magic is a group of
related spells.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Abjuration
  These spells are a group of specialized protective spells.  Each is used
to prevent or banish some magical or nonmagical effect or creature.  They
are often used to provide safety in times of great danger or when attemping
some other particularly dangerous spell.

Alteration
  These spells cause a change in the properties of some already existing
thing, creature, or condition.  This is accomplished by magical energy
channeled through the wizard.

Conjuration/summoning
  These spells bring something to the caster from elsewhere.  Conjuration
normally produces matter of items from some other place.  Summoning enables
the caster to compel living creatures and powers to appear in his presence
or to chanel extraplaner energies through himself.

Enchantment/charm
  These spells cause a change in the quality of an item or the attitude of
a person or creature.  Enchantments can bestow magical properties on 
ordinary items, while charms can unduly influence the behavior of beings.

Greater divinations
  These are more powerful than lesser divinations.  These spells enable the
wizard to learn secrets long forgotten, to predict the future, and to 
uncover things hidden or cloaked by spells

Illusions
  They deal with spells to deceive the senses or minds of others.  Spells
that cause people to see things that are not there, hear noises not made,
or remember things that never happened are all illusions.

Invocation/Evocation
  These spells channel magical energy to create specific effects and 
materials.  Invocation normally relies on the intervention of some higher
agency (to whom the spell is addressed), while evocation enables the 
caster to directly shape the energy.

Lesser divination
  These spells are learnable by all wizards, regardless of their affiliation.
This school includes the most basic and vital spells of the wizard-those
he needs to practice other aspects of his craft.  Lesser divinations 
include read magic and detect magic.

Necromancy
  This is one of the most restrictive of all spell schools.  It deals with 
dead things or the restoration of life, limbs, or vitality to living
creatures.  Although a small school, its spells tend to be powerful.  Givin
the risks of the adventuring world, necromanctic spells are considered
quite useful.

See also: help mage, mage schools
