4. Roll up sleeves and fix the issue.
:-)
A detailed bug report helps. 1 line of whining doesn't.
A related issue is lots of people don't know anything about anything.
AND WHERE IS THE PONY.
ANSWER THE QUESTION.
Absolutely no way, that makes no sense.
Adjust your attitude user
Ah, we have another talker in the house.
Alas.
All I ever wanted was a hobby. If this pathetic slob doesn't like our hobby, they should stop relying on it.
All the many eyes are apparently attached to a lot of hands that type lots of words about many eyes, and never actually audit code.
Amazing isn't it?
Amazing.
And noone cares what you like or dislike.
And now let's ask the question which matters.
And please stop using that word.
And then we move on?
And what is your solution?
And who are you, and what you have you done to test and then prove your thesis?
Animated sparkle.
Another solution is to smash that device with a hammer.
Anyways, who cares.
Anyways, your timing is atrocious!
Are we done here?
Are we finished here?
Are you a troll?
Are you done?
Are you going to do something -- beyond just being sarcastic?
Are you kidding? Who does that help? Who?
Around here, you come off like a dick who didn't help everyone.
As developers we make decisions which we believe serve our users the best.
Autoinstall does not handle this type of problem either.
Aww come on, you had us going until then.
Balony.
Basically what you submitted was not a bug report.
Basically you are saying we should just change everything, consequences and corectness be damned.
Basically, this cannot be oversimplified by 1 line questions followed by 1 line answers.
Be realistic.
Beautiful.
Better question is: Why?
Boggles the mind.
Bootstrapping problem is bootstrapping problem.
Bullshit.
But I think it is clear you aren't a programmer, and this is over your head.
But this isn't a pony shop.
But we don't need to put up with your demands.
But you decided you are special, and don't want us to help us help you.
Buttons are for idiots.
By the way who are you?
Bye bye.
Can I ask what kind of plant are you?
Can you please leave?
Can you please stop acting as if you are smarter than us? I am sorry to say it, but we have thought this through for many hours by the time you show up to "play system designer".
Cannot.
Careful there :-)
Careful what you ask for.
Chill dude.
Come on guys. Don't have me OK this.
Come on. Read it carefully.
Come on.. stop making assumptions.
Completely wrong, and I have no no idea where you got that from!
Crazy.
Demands aren't well received.
Did that help?
Did they pay you to write all that text?
Did you think of that?
Didn't you read the manual page?
Diffs are welcome.
Disagree strongly.
Do not submit a new bug report.
Do we want the 1% solution? No.
Do you get it? I doubt it.
Do you have evidence?
Do you think we care?
Doctor it hurts when I stab myself in the eye.
Does it help anything? No.
Does your mother know?
Doesn't that send shivers down your spine?
Don't be fooled.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't believe all the promises you hear.
Don't change my words.
Don't hold me responsible for the shortcuts.
Don't like it? Then walk away.
Don't waste your money on a false ideal by someone who misunderstands modern hardware and the market forces.
Don't worry.
Don't worry. Most of us see your name and at that moment delete the mail. This reply is an exception.
End of story.
Enjoy your windmill tilting.
Essentially, you are on your own. :-)
Everyone tires of your well articulated agenda pushes.
Everyone, please ignore these trolls who are cross-posting.
Except you are wrong.
Expectation management is a bitch.
FULL STOP.
Feeling a lot of dejavu here.
Frankly, I think you are a whiner.
Frankly, who cares?
From time to time, mistakes sneak in.
Funny.
Geez, you're not listening
Generally Unix has no way of doing this.
Get back onto your meds.
Get off my computer kidz.
Get over it.
Get real.
Get serious.
Get your shit together
Go a few cycles.
Go knock yourself out.
Go read the source code some time.
God bless the people who employ you, they need the blessing.
God god, do you live in some stupid fantasy world?
Good luck with that.
Good luck!
Good luck.
Great conversation...
Great.
Guess you don't understand internet.
Ha ha. I watch other projects.
Hahahahaha. That's a good one.
Handholding can go only so far.
Hardly surprising. Apple. They build crap and make you pay extra.
Have you considered trying to live 100% without our software?
Have you ever heard of the concept of helping yourself?
Have you thought this through, at all?
Hey look everyone, it's another uneducated user mouthing off on a noisy mailing list. He goes blah blah blah, loving the sound of his own noise.
Hey, it looks like you are just trying to be a dick.
Hey, stick a screw driver into your ear.
Highly unlikely.
Hilarious.
Holy cow, you are dense.
How bizzare.
How dreary.
Huh? You've understood incorrectly.
I am continually baffled by how often we have to explain this point, over and over and over again.
I am going to make a guess here.
I am just plain fed up with the bullshit you cowards spew.
I am not being sarcastic. I truly am sick of having my time wasted.
I am not directing you.
I am not playing any games. Let's look at the facts.
I am not reading your mails again.
I am not so sure.
I am really impressed by the analytical skills I observe here.
I am simply astounded at some of the things people keep repeating. I don't mean this applies to everyone, but is there a high quantity of attention deficit disorder in our user community? Or retards? Or is it just the same old trolling?
I am so bloody dissapointed in the community that uses our stuff.
I am very easy to get along with, but I don't have time to waste being nice to people who are being stupid.
I am very sceptical.
I believe something is not being understood here.
I believe this conversation is over, because you have no credibility.
I believe you are not trying to contribute anything valuable with your comment.
I believe you deserve to stop running the software.
I can't tell if you are supporting a useless idea, or declaring that a useless idea is not worth supporting.
I completely doubt that.
I could be doing far better things than making CDs.
I could not give a rats ass what you say.
I decided to make a guess as to the region you are from.
I disagree
I disagree on all those points.
I disagree.
I discussed world peace in a bar once.
I do not agree with those assessments.
I do not agree with your assessment.
I don't believe you. You suggested it because you only thought of your own benefit, not of the amount of work others would have to do.
I don't care.
I don't give a shit.
I don't have an answer for you.
I don't have an answer.
I don't know for certain, but I believe you are just making things up as you go along, because you are nothing but a troll.
I don't know who you are, but you do nothing. What do you do?
I don't know why our mailing lists are always full of people who don't even understand what they are talking about.
I don't know you, maybe I am misinterpreting you.
I don't know, but I'll think about it later, because I am busy.
I don't like it.
I don't normally do this.
I don't see any humility.
I don't see any problem.
I don't see any reason.
I don't see how that helps anything.
I don't see that.
I don't see the point.
I don't see the purpose of that.
I don't see your name on any the source code. So you shut up, loser. Just go away.
I don't think so.
I don't think you are listening.
I don't think you understand what is being done here.
I don't understand society is producing a generation of people incapable of self-help.
I doubt anyone believes your extremely vague assertions.
I explained that.
I find this discussion pretty uninteresting.
I have a hard time believing you.
I have changed my mind.
I have seen nothing I would qualify as a "bug report".
I haven't even read this.
I heard.
I hope noone helps you.
I hope that one day due process is denied you.
I just came to the conclusion you are a loudmouthed jackass.
I love this conversation.
I made none of the claims you are composing.
I quite dislike the direction this is going.
I rather doubt it.
I really don't give a shit what you admire or not.
I really doubt the drama of this.
I really love how we keep getting advice.
I said no the first time, and provided a detailed explaination.
I see other projects falling into this problem all the time. It is awesome.
I see your character...
I should probably ask -- did you even read the panic? Is the wording too poor to understand (and thus result in peeking at the code) or is the problem above the keyboard?
I still don't see the use case.
I still think you are a loser.
I suspect money which goes into your bank account comes from an entity not quite on the same side as us.
I think I hear of someone doing this about every 10 years.
I think I know a perfect candidate to take this further: You.
I think the entire approach is dumb.
I think this entire conversation is ridiculous, right from the start.
I think this is a trap.
I think this will cause further damage.
I think you are done here.
I think you are on your own.
I think your computer science teachers are still teaching you from books written in the 80's, when the word "micro-kernel" was associated with a future utopia.
I triage bugs by hitting 'd' in my mail reader.
I tried to read the rest of what you wrote. It makes no sense.
I was quite unhappy when this "solution" was proposed initially, since solutions of that sort often lead to no true solution down the road.
I was wrong.
I wish more people would find real bugs to fix.
I won't look further since you have a history of not listening.
I would like to see some proof of that.
I'd like my lawn mowed.
I'll ask in a general fashion: Are you stupid?
I'll ask the question: Why are you sure you need that?
I'm astounded by this situation.
I'm done.
I'm getting ready to declare you a kook
I'm making fun of you.
I'm not even going to read to the end.
I'm not sure what else you expect.
I'm sorry, but I don't get it.
I've think you've had your say.
IF YOU ARE A GIGANTIC SLOPPY FAT PIG YOU SURE DO
If I see a mail which isn't plain text, I delete it.
If as a general rule we all want better code running on our systems, where do you fit in?
If software sucks, say so.
If some of you people keep insisting on having backwards compatibitity with the stone age, we'll have stone tools forever.
If that workaround was the right thing to do, it would be the default.
If you are just grandstanding, please stop.
If you are not careful, why should we be?
If you believe strongly in this idea, you should take an entire operating system base and prove the case.
If you can't study the world around you, you will remain ignorant.
If you don't care, then don't talk about it.
If you don't have the skill to do it, well that's too bad...
If you don't like it, run something else.
If you don't understand how computers and networking work, I'm sure you can find another job.
If you expected any of us to reply as if we are contractors or your employees, you came to the wrong place.
If you have endured a real bug for a long time, and not filed a bug report to have it fixed.. and then feel it is your right to scold people who attempt to explain the bug, then quite frankly, then YOU TOTALLY SUCK.
If you have so many ideas you should go ahead and start your own project. Good luck building a successfull project based on 'ideas'.
If you really wanted it fixed you have the src code.
If you start your own successfull project, you also can develop your own set of reasons for doing any of a variety of operational things at any point in time.
If you turn the forums you frequent into your help desk, you are taking away their ability to focus on delivering you the software you use.
If you want it done, do it yourself.
If you want it working, you will need to get it fixed.
If you want the answers you are looking for, do the work yourself.
Imagine you told us a lot about your life, and we gave you advice.
Improvements come when people try to push forward along the curve.
In a decade, what will this mess look like?
In general, you underestimate the effort involved.
In short, you are socially inept unappreciative asshole.
In summary -- the entire effort is a complete load of crap.
In that case, what's the fuss?
In that situation, you would probably want to be left in piece.
In the interests of full disclosure, do you work for the government or sell to the government?
In the modern world of search engines, this question lands at the same level as trolling.
In your dreams.
In your dreams..
Incorrect.
Inventing crazy shit is pointless.
Is a crash a performance impact?
Is that an accusation?
It depends on what you want.
It didn't work out for Don Quixote either.
It ends badly.
It is all about your actions.
It is an obvious mechanism.
It is clear you don't understand the code that was commited.
It is crap.
It is disgraceful to see what type of code being written these days.
It is documented.
It is hard to believe people will want that.
It is in the FAQ.
It is over your head. Or learn to read. Or learn to not reply before you think.
It is pretty clear you are a troll.
It is pretty obvious you are only thinking of yourself, so you should go create your own system.
It is really amazing that so many people prefer to remain blissfully unaware.
It is risk, all gigantic risk.
It is theoretically possible to give a loaded gun to a baby; things will probably work out fine.
It is what it is. Work with it.
It must be easy to sit in your chair and demand that others meet your expectations.
It seems you did all that, but didn't read the manual pages.
It sounds as if you don't understand what happens.
It's a pity you don't go jump in a lake and drown yourself.
It's great that you have an opinion.
It's not black magic.
It's ok, my cats cannot read and interpret such complexities either.
It's so simple. Why didn't I think of it.
Just give it up and get lost.
Just pathetic. Hope you actually get a life sometime.
Just stop it. We are not going to listen to you.
Just you, I think.
Kill it.
Lacking a terse starting point, soon we have users who don't know where to start.
Learn the magic, change the magic.
Learn your tools. From hammers to saws to cars to operating systems, it is all the same.
Let idiots suffer on their own.
Let it go, and consider leaving for good.
Let me be blunt. Your advice is bad.
Let me get this straight.
Let's follow that thought.
Let's get serious and personal here for a second. In other aspects of life, do you behave the same?
Let's just stop this.
Let's keep it simple. Why don't you just go away, and stop acting the fool?
Listen to yourself, proud of the complex words you found in a dictionary.
Look -- did you read the manual page?
Look there is a disconnect.
Look, stop being a child.
Look, this is rather simple.
Look, you'll be fine.
Look, your statement is false.
Look.
Looking forward to you providing code which solves the problem.
Lots of misunderstandings in there.
Lots of words. No action.
Maybe the fortress fell over because you didn't have enough Lego.
Maybe.
Mitigations should be as cheap as possible to satisfy the goal.
More complexity.
Most people are not capable of writing good patches, so it would be unprofessional to ask such people to write patches.
NO WAY!
NOT....
Never expect a group to perform a task which an individual won't.
No really, precisely why do you trust us?
No thanks, it does not make sense.
No thanks.
No way.
No, I am advocating that you TAKE CARE OF YOUR OWN PROBLEMS YOURSELF.
No, it is not.
No, no no no no.
No, not really.
No, please, don't explain.
No, the original answer here is the right one.
No, what you want does not exist.
No, you should not.
No.
No. You have it wrong. Go back to reading school.
No. You misread the code.
No?
None of that matters here.
Noone deserves anything from us. People get good things, and they are happy. The developers in this project do the best they can writing innovative software, and will not accept preaching from pompous self-entitled American pricks like you.
Nope!
Nope.
Not all errata are for security.
Not everyone is suited to every role.
Not everything in unix is perfect.
Not exactly.
Not going to explain further.
Nothing ever changes, noone ever learns, noone cares.
Now you plainly don't sound like a developer type.
Now, again, please leave.
Oh are you just talking?
Oh come on, admit it, you are wrong.
Oh cut the crap.
Oh good god.
Oh good grief, grow up.
Oh just shut up.
Oh my god, the tears! Look at his tears!
Oh now I sense some angst.
Oh really.
Oh something is broken?
Oh sorry, I forgot to think like an American for a second there.
Oh the righteous indignation of public discussion!
Oh the situation is much worse than that.
Oh yeah, that's a great idea!
Oh, but linux people told you it was the best. I get it.
Oh, cut your crap.
Oh, so you are just some boasty guy on the net
Oh, you're not going to do it? Oh you can't do it?
On that matter, I'd say tough.
Once again you show that you don't know shit.
One word can change the meaning of a sentence. You failed at what you intended, and you also confused people.
Or you can go it all yourself. Why don't you do that?
Our function in this ecosystem definately does not include dealing with other people's bullshit decisions...
Overdocumenting isn't a strength.
People like you...
People should be careful what they ask for
People who submit reports which are missing information should feel terrible.
Perhaps we made mistakes. Perhaps they'll be changed. But you are just spouting bullshit.
Perhaps you should get a good delicing.
Perhaps.
Pick a damn position, and declare it.
Pick a position -- then defend it.
Please don't do that.
Please don't.
Please go fluff up your sense of selfworth elsewhere.
Please leave here.
Please leave immediately.
Please people stop mailing me privately and asking.
Please people, ignore him.
Please read the actual code.
Please run something else. You'll be happier. Really.
Please show your work.
Please state your case very carefully and clearly.
Please stop subscribing us to your motivations.
Please supply a good justification why that is good.
Please, not again.
Please.
Pulease...
Punting stupid problems along forever just gets worse and worse.
Reactive is not the same as proactive.
Read the man page again!
Read what it says.
Really. How interesting.
Ridiculous.
Right now, you are not talking facts.
Riiiiiiiiight. Suuuuuuuure. Keep believing that.
Run something else! We don't care!
SERIOUSLY??
Scaling isn't really our concern; I barely know what the word means. There is one group of people who we do know scales. Whiners. They scale really well.
See how bad things start to happen?
Seriously?
Shame on you.
Shrug.
Shut up
Sigh.
Since I value my sanity, I saw that report, and I ignored it.
Since you don't supply diffs, you are a waste of skin.
Since your PR contains absolutely zero information about your machine I am sending you back to kindergarden. Because you totally suck.
So easy to be critical.
So fix it, or pay someone to fix it.
So glad to have the expert speak.
So go away.
So learn to type correctly.
So lets just yak about it, right?
So read what I said again.
So that is the reason why my car stereo has two sets of volume control knobs..... with the second set located inside the engine compartment, so I have to stop at the side of the road, pop open the hood, and reach down along the hot engine to near where the oil filter is.
So the original idea wasn't yours. And now you think it can't work. And you are still talking about it. I see. Very interesting.
So this is a great way to lose focus.
So what do you really mean here?
So what is learned here?
So you presume.
Some days I want to just quit and say fuck it all.
Some of you will think this is a total joke.
Someone is totally full of shit.
Something is eating your brain.
Sometimes it is almost like there is a stream of people who want us to stop trying.
Sometimes people put a bad idea into an RFC.
Sometimes there's a vast difference between a person who declares something useful and easy to do, and the reality. Sometimes the person is just plain wrong.
Sorry you lost me.
Sorry, I see it the other way around.
Sorry, but I have lost all appetite to help you.
Sorry, but it's the truth.
Sorry, but you are wrong.
Sorry, your interpretation is incorrect.
Sorry.
Standing alone, "compatibility with FOO" is not a very strong argument. What next, "compatibility with Xenix and Windows"?
Stop spreading lies.
Stop thinking of only yourself.
Such an American viewpoint.
Such hyperbole! Such drama!
Such strong words.
Summary: The OP has a learning disability.
Survival in the universe requires more than copy-and-paste.
Switch to Linux, where violations are the norm.
THANK YOU FOR THE CLARITY.
Take a chill pill, or participate in improving it, or wait your turn.
Take that for what it is.
Tell linus. You can google for his email address.
Thank you for adding the value of your words.
Thanks for including all the information in the report.
Thanks for telling me do so some reading, but a google of your name on these mailing lists will show a 10 year pattern of you not being able to self-help. Something to do with your parents, probably.
Thanks for the feedback :-)
Thanks.
That doesn't make sense.
That feels like a disservice to the world.
That interpretation is wrong.
That is a simplistic viewpoint held by your simplistic mind.
That is a very dangerous direction.
That is an incorrect assessment.
That is an interesting claim.
That is balony.
That is completely insane.
That is false.
That is incorrect.
That is kind of crazy, isn't it.
That is not best practice.
That is not our problem.
That is not possible.
That is not right.
That is not true.
That is only the beginning of it.
That is quite a fiction.
That is the result of a mis-configuration on your part.
That is the worst possible advice ever.
That is working as intended.
That makes no sense.
That stands against my principles.
That statement is full of potential for misunderstanding, and cannot be left alone.
That sucks.
That won't work.
That'd be like leaving a running chainsaw on the floor at a daycare center.
That's a great idea.
That's a load of bull.
That's a lot of words.
That's nice.
That's not going to happen.
That's the kind of comment that leads me to take bug reports less seriously in the future...
That's the process.
The NTP codebase is larger than the SSH codebase.
The best part is that noone cares about that.
The comedy just never ends.
The complaint department is down the hall.
The end.
The nastiest behaviour is "sense of entitlement".
The only person who did something useful, is the author of the software.
The people who write code get to decide how they document it.
The point is that you are a crybaby.
The problem is obvious.
The problem is you don't pay it backwards. You don't pay it forward. You don't pay at all. You just beg.
The rest of what you are yapping about does not matter.
The rest of your new email is bullshit, too.
The same model is not applicable to everything.
The socket layer will conspire against you.
The solution is obvious.
Then I guess you are just stupid.
Then it is probably over your head. Not much I can do about that.
There are a few compromises.
There are no workarounds.
There are people who do that.
There are too few of us, we cannot take on every problem.
There has been a lot of discussion about this.
There is a bug in your brain.
There is a user community, and a development community.
There is no juxtaposition.
There is no point in testing a diff which is wrong.
There is no policy.
There is no way to forgive people who intentionally step in the shit.
There was once a better path.
There will be little or no thought.
There's research and there is the real world.
These programs are all bad.
They are manual pages, not manual books.
They are simplistic retards, not because they choose to be, but because their paychecks tell them to be so.
Thing is, you won't get help here.
Things change.
Things change. Learn to cope.
This approach is simplestic and wrong.
This bug report totally sucks.
This conversation is going far too meta.
This does not matter.
This feature is probably older than you.
This is an error in the manual page.
This is another offer which will be rejected.
This is how rumours start, I guess.
This is idle chatter hoping someone supplies some secret sauce that makes a disparate audience with different demands all happy.
This is likely to change, in some way.
This is more than a meme. It is a plot.
This is not a conversation about your IPv6 connection.
This is total balony.
Tired of the suggestions.
To achieve merit, you must do the homework you assigned yourself.
To me it sounds like you are used to paying a lot, and now you expect the same from us, who you don't pay at all. That is a rude approach.
Too bad. You can use other software.
Totall irrelevant.
Totally false.
Totally wrong there.
Twice the work == twice the work.
Uhm, in your dreams.
Uhm, that's a pretty weak argument.
Undeducated *check* opinioned *check*
Unfortunate.
Unfortunately noone cares.
Unfortunately, you cannot really help.
Unlikely.
User is using a heavily tuned kernel and refuses to listen to advice about de-tuning all those things; as a result, noone can help him.
Violates POSIX and C89, which violate best practice in this century.
Wait and see.
Was that neccessary?
We already suffer from low quality in many bug reports.
We are not believers in buttons. Knobs are for knobs.
We couldn't care what you believe, unless you have diffs of your own to submit.
We do not have magic to do this at the moment.
We don't manage dependencies.
We never said our code should be trusted.
We prefer creating a world that is simpler.
We rarely hear about success, because those people are just happy.
We really are not interested in the story of your life.
We try our best to make it the best. Do you try your best to help us? I doubt it. So we try the best we can without people like you helping us.
We won't commit it.
We'd rather jump off a cliff.
We'll be waiting for your fix then.
Welcome to the real world.
Well perhaps you should just leave if you don't like the truth?
Well sorry.
Well the options are: Get involved and do the work, or watch.
Well there is this funny story about when I hacked into RMS's firmware-driven keyboard controller, and managed to grap his root password.
Well, I don't think the world will fall over as a result.
Well, is mentioning this even important?
Well....
What a dismal world view.
What a joke.
What a load of bullshit.
What a waste of words.
What do you want us to do about it?
What happened is that you thought it was time to say something useless, which adds no value to the conversation.
What is your solution?
What problem are you trying to solve?
What you are trying to do is insane, wrong, and entirely unsupported.
What you just said was utterly careless.
What you suggest is absolute rubbish. It is just talk -- not action -- but furthermore you don't have a clue what you are talking about.
What's the goal.
Whatever you did does not do what you think it does. In fact, I bet it is doing exactly the opposite of what you think it does.
Whatever you're doing, it is wrong.
When people push buttons, they will eventually hit something undocumented.
When something is dangerous, we get rid of it.
When things go wrong, we contain their influence.
Who cares?
Who didn't solve that problem? People like you.
Who do you work for? Governments?
Who's the child now?
Whoa.
Whoah.
Why -- to hurt people?
Why are you doing this?
Why are you guys so fork paranoid? Do you want everyone to vote for the same political party, too?
Why did you feel the need jump in? Ichy butt?
Why don't you figure that out.
Why haven't you left? Please leave.
Why hold people who you don't pay to a higher standard than the people who you do pay?
Why not delete it?
Why the surprise?
Why?
Why???
With your attitude, I beg you to please go run some other operating system.
Wow, don't know where you got that from.
Wow, really thick skull you got there.
Wow, so many crazy suggstions.
Wow, what chatter.
Wow, what's that got to do with anything?
Wow, you sure like to make presumptions.
Wow, your process stinks.
Wow. No.
Wow. What hostility.
Wow. You sure do set the bar low.
Wrong.
Yeah, you sure are the cool dude.
Yes you are wrong, and damn infuriating too.
Yes, I said asshole.
Yes, we should build a survey. And a wiki. It would be awesome. We'd get rich.
You accept how we do it, and you will shut up, or less service will be provided in the future.
You already have a prompt that asks you that question.
You are a prick.
You are a whiny snively jerk, and every time you open your mouth I go work on something else.
You are absolutely deluded, if not stupid, if you think that a worldwide collection of software engineers who can't write operating systems or applications without security holes, can then turn around and suddenly write virtualization layers without security holes.
You are astoundingly naive. We simply don't need the grief of entertaining users like you.
You are completely missing the point.
You are doing the bare mininum and tapping on a keyboard.
You are just a whiny boy who pisses on people who spent 2 years writing the code.
You are killing us with hyperbole. It is now hard to take anything you say seriously.
You are making stuff up.
You are making up rules as you go along. Why don't you go read the code?
You are missing the point. Your bug report is huge, but we have no idea what went wrong.
You are more likely to get sympathy from your mother.
You are not helping out.
You are not listening.
You are not tall enough to ride.
You are on your own.
You are out of touch.
You are quite a character.
You are quite a persistant idiot.
You are scaring me.
You are showing inexperience.
You are showing that you can't do any research at all, but want to throw ideas out.
You are so full of BS!
You are speaking in riddles.
You are speaking like a child.
You are spreading misinformation.
You are the type of people who create these situations.
You are using FreeBSD, aren't you.
You are very confused.
You are way out of line with the software development community.
You are welcome to spend your time building an entire new subsystem and proving the value of your work.
You are wrong.
You aren't even trying. PLONK.
You aren't going to do shit because you don't have any skills.
You been running that on the internet?
You better get back to class; your potty break is over.
You bought some plastic.
You can decide what you do with your time, but you cannot decide what other people do with theirs.
You can do whatever you want.
You can figure out what I'm not saying on this line.
You can go read the source.
You can search for the rest of the information yourself.
You clearly cannot read.
You come off as pretty uncharitable.
You did not create these mailing lists, so you can take your opinions about why these lists were created and shove them up your ass.
You didn't do your homework, and it blew up in your face. Then you wrote a few paragraphs. Then I replied. That is the whole sad story.
You don't know jack shit about computers or electronics, that much is obvious.
You don't know what you are talking about, and you don't seem to have the ability to wrap your mind around all the parts that are involved.
You don't listen well either.
You don't provide any encouragement except for "me me! think of me!".
You enabled things which are disabled for a good reason.
You guys just are not thinking.
You had me going for a moment.
You have a diff?
You have a self-entitlement issue.
You have an agenda.
You have it entirely backwards.
You have no right to speak.
You have offered nothing.
You have this very wrong.
You haven't justified it.
You haven't justified need.
You just aren't capable of listening to what is being said.
You just like listening to yourself talk. Shut up.
You just plain don't understand the problem.
You know better.
You know that is bullshit right?
You know, you have an option available to you regarding this. You could come to the conclusion that you are not entitled and stop posting, and it will work out better in the long term. I did not read anything more you said.
You made a decision to keep running code that old, and thus you are on your own. You won't spend time figuring out which one of our changes over 2 years might fix the problem you are having, and we won't either.
You missed the point.
You must not be reading the same code I am.
You need to learn how to listen.
You need to read more carefully.
You obviously have zero experience.
You overstate your worth.
You own all the pieces.
You persist in reading too much into things.
You probably rape children in your spare time, and here you are, yelling at us for violating your perceived entitlement.
You realize that you are going to run into thousands of other problems as a result of that practice?
You really haven't got a clue.
You really need to write a single comprehensive bug report that has no inconsistancies.
You seem to have a rather over-extented sense of entitlement
You sir, are just wastewater.
You yammer yammer yammer without detail.
You'll experience anguish, and then if you try to ask for sympathy a lot of people will laugh at you.
You'll never be a developer, so who cares?
You're kidding.
You've been smoking something really mind altering, and I think you should share it.
You've got access to all this source code.
You've got it all wrong.
You've got to be kidding me.
You've had your say.
You've missed the point.
You've seen something on the shelf, and it has all sorts of pretty colurs, and you've bought it.
Your approach is wrong.
Your attitude is not very nice.
Your attitude stinks. Good luck with life.
Your bug report is too incomplete. Can't help you.
Your code is completely wrong.
Your emails only contain opinions.
Your grief would seem more sincere if didn't look like a shopping list.
Your hopes are misplaced.
Your interpretations are hostile.
Your lack of any attempt to educate yourself is your problem.
Your mistake.
Your opinions count for zero.
Your process here is really strange.
Your process seems to be "I don't understand the problem, so here is a diff"
Your process will not solve anything.
Your request is ridiculous.
Your sense of self-importance just makes other people not even want to try.
Your usage case is "Give me a button to push".
Your voice does not count.
Your words are just bile.
am i making all this up? perhaps i am, but you don't have to dream my dreams.
and I wanna build a rocket ship...
are you being trolled now?
because.
c++ is a pile of crap.
can you not read the prompt?
i was up at 9am, climbed a mountain, hiked 6 km through 4ft deep slush (the image you are supposed to get is of 12 million overturned slurpee cups, and of geting your groin wet in slurpee), nearly died eating beef vindaloo, wrote some code, talked on the phone, wrote mail, and now it's almost 4am and this is absolutely beyond ridiculous.
i'm trying to stay out of politics.
if you can't use the tools to study what is happening, you don't stand a chance making things better
it is behaving *exactly* as intended.
ktrace or it didn't happen.
make of it what you will.
my advice: walk away from this one.
not everything is perfect.
not that it matters.
obviously.
oh my, the moral outrage
only thinking of yourself, and missing the point.
pretty sad, but I guess that's the way the world works
shrug
so much drama
someone in linux land went off the map here.
sorry to hear you don't understand
thanks for the lesson in logic.
that is intentional.
that is really not a useful bug report.
the multiplicative effects are far too serious.
there are fingers to point all the way around.
there is bullshit coming out of your mouth.
this is not really a forum to attempt education
unfeasible!
what is "this case"?
what is the goal?
whatever
whatever.
who said that?
why are you asking me?
words words words words
you could try "make me sandwitch" and have the same effect.
you have confused yourself.
you must know, i want no part in any politics.
you will only receive crocodile tears from me.
you've all been trollolololololololo'd
