This directory contains documentation for MudOS, the Nightmare mudlib,
and Nightmare LPMud.  The following is a directory of contents for each
of the directories:

NOTE:
    new immortals: After reading this document, read the information in 
        the /doc/immortals directory.  Type "cd immortals" to get there.

    mudlib developers: All information on this release of the Nightmare
        mudlib that you will need to get it up and running and then
        working on modifying it is in /doc/mudlibs

/BALANCE: Documentation put together by the balance department at
    Nightmare LPMud headed by Flamme which outline formulas for creating
    balanced weapons, armours, monsters, healing, etc.

/LAW: Documents put together by the law department of Nightmare LPMud and
    relevant mostly only to Nightmare LPMud.  The directory contains
    information regarding mud rules and policies.  Put together by Forlock.

/QC: Documents put together by the quality control department of
    Nightmare LPMud which outline Nightmare's quality standards for immortal
    creations.  Put together by Darkone and Melvaig.

/SimulEfun: Man pages for information on the SimulEfuns of the Nightmare 
    Mudlib.

/applies: Documentation on driver applies.

/build: Documents on how to build just about any object using the
    Nightmare mudlib.  Put together by Descartes and updated for
    Nightmare mudlib 2.4 by Valodin.

/efun: Man pages for the efuns as documented by the MudOS development team.

/help: Regular player help documents.  Put together by Descartes.

/immortals: First thing any new immortal should look at.  Contains
    information on starting out as an immortal on Nightmare LPMud.

/lfun: Man pages for Nightmare mudlib lfuns.  Put together by the
    Nightmare mudlib team.

/library: Holds the files for all books in the main town's (Praxis') 
    library.  Put together by Forlock, Descartes, and Shadowwolf.

/lpc: Contains documentation on the LPC programming language.

/mudlib: Contains information on building your own mud with the Nightmare
    mudlib.  Put together by Descartes.

    -Descartes of Borg 18 april 1993

Modified 940122 by Descartes of borg to reflect changes in SimulEfun and applies
documentation.
