Mon Feb  4 13:46:44 2002 from Lusell
To: Guilds 
Cc: . 
Subject: Cost Estimate

I have an idea for a couple of rooms with some extras.  I am not sure where
these rooms will go as it is dependent of whether the new Enforcers/Council
will have their own place built.

The first room will either be accessed from a place in the building
mentioned above ie. through a hidden exit/entrance or it will be off some
other building which I will define later.  In this first room there won't
be anything special.  Just a long description of the room detailing a bunch
of things in it.  There will be an item described in the room that will be
touched/twisted/moved or whatever that will place you in the second room. 
THIS room will be special.  It will have a very nice description.  I would
like it to be TP proof.  SCRY proof is probably too much but you can
include what it would cost too.  I'm not sure if this has ever been
requested before, but I would like to have an item in the room that I could
touch/twist/move it and TP to a specific place. I would like to have an
item like, say, a wooden plaque behind my desk that when I look at it I see
the Antipaladin board on it.  (ALMOST DONE)I would like to have a tapestry
that one can read that would list the dark knights of the active realms.  I
would guess that I would have access to it to supply the names of the
knights I am aware of so I can add them.  And lastly, I would like some
sort of familiar type thing as a security measure.  Not too well armed,
obviously, but able to cast a spell or two perhaps.  Maybe some sort of
bird that sits quietly in the shadows of a corner.

I hope I have not gone way overboard.  I need a price list so I can get to
work on it.  Is there any restrictions on where I can have this place?  For
example, if the building idea for the new enforcers/council falls through,
can I have it come off a room in, say, Tonovi?  Or Shadow?  Or even, GASP,
Azha!!

Thank you for listening and I look forward anxiously to your reply.