Sun Mar 24 15:15:54 2002 from Lusell
To: Avatars 
Cc: Tristan Lusell 
Subject: Lusell's Keep

Entrance - "You have entered the keep and stand just inside a portcullis
that is in the raised position.  The room is non-descript except for a
tapestry hanging on the north wall.  The northeast and northwest exits lead
down narrow, dimly lit hallways."   {tapestry}  "This tapestry is finely
woven and appears to be freshly made.  It depicts an attractive female
human dressed in fine platemail.  She is holding her coif in her left hand
and a wooden lance in her right.  Her hair is bright auburn and her eyes an
eerie shade of green.  She is standing tall and proud next to a very
powerful looking horse."  

Southwest Corner (northwest exit from entrance) - "This room is very tall. 
The ceiling is almost not visible.  There is an ornate carpet on the floor
in the middle of the room.  There is an empty set of full platemail
standing at the north exit from this room.  There are a set of stairs
leading up on the west wall and a dim lit hallway leading north.

Tower (up from southwest corner) - "This room is very small.  There is no
light save for the light coming in from the three arrow slits in the walls.
The only exit is down."

Northwest Corner (north from southwest corner) - "When you enter this room,
you realize that suddenly you hear nothing.  No footsteps, no noises of any
kind.  There is an ornate carpet on the floor in the middle of the room. 
On the north wall there is a tapestry that draws your attention." 
{tapestry} "This tapestry is finely woven and appears to be freshly made. 
It depicts a battlescene between a knight clad in dark armor and an elf
wielding a longbow.  The elf is on the ground appearing to be begging for
his life.  The knight has her lancetip pointed at the elf's left eye.  You
also notice that the elf is missing his right eye and in it's place is a
gold colored orb."
--------------------------------

Sun Mar 24 15:48:27 2002 from Lusell
To: Avatars 
Cc: Tristan Lusell 
Subject: Lusell's Keep again..

damn, sorry about that..
here is the northwest corner again because i forgot to show the exits...

Northwest Corner (north from southwest corner) - "When you enter this
room,;you realize that suddenly you hear nothing.  No footsteps, no noises
of any;kind.  There is an ornate carpet on the floor in the middle of the
room.;To the east is a dim lit hallway. On the north wall there is a
tapestry;that draws your attention." {tapestry} "This tapestry is finely
woven and;appears to be freshly made. It depicts a battlescene between a
knight clad;in dark armor and an elf wielding a longbow.  The elf is on the
ground;appearing to be begging for his life.  The knight has her lancetip
pointed;at the elf's left eye.  You also notice that the elf is missing his
right;eye and in it's place is a gold colored orb."

Intersection (from northwest and northeast corners) - "This room is still
under construction.  There are hallways leading west and east and a archway
leading to a courtyard south.  On the north wall you can see an outline
someone has drawn of what appears to be another archway.  The room is very
well lit with torches lining the walls."

Courtyard (south from intersection) - "This is an open courtyard in the
center of the keep.  There is a fountain in the center with a red brick
walkway surrounding it.  Surrounding the walkway is a lavish garden." 
{fountain} "The fountain is a scaled-down replica of an earthen elemental. 
Water is flowing freely from it's mouth."  {garden} "At first this garden
appears to be like any other garden.  But as you look closer, you notice
that all the flowers are dark in color... black, gray, dark red, purple." 

Northeast Corner (east from intersection and north from southeast corner) -
"When you enter this room, you realize that suddenly you hear nothing.  No
footsteps, no noises of any kind.  There is an ornate carpet on the floor
in the middle of the room.  To the west and south is a dim lit hallway. On
the north wall there is a tapestry that draws your attention." {tapestry}
"This tapestry is finely woven and;appears to be freshly made. The scene is
that of a temple.  The altar is made of a large stone."

Southeast Corner (northeast of entrance and south of northeast corner) -
"This room is very tall. The ceiling is almost not visible.  There is an
ornate carpet on the floor in the middle of the room.  There is an empty
set of full platemail standing at the north exit from this room.  There are
a set of stairs leading up on the west wall and dimly lit hallways leading
north and southwest."

Tower (up from southeast corner) - "This room is very small.  There is
no;light save for the light coming in from the three arrow slits in the
walls.;The only exit is down."


I hope this is good enough for now.  Please, feel free to adlib as I am not
good at this by any means.  I think you should be able to tell that I have
plans for this keep.  But first I just want to get it built.  Plans for the
future include:
1  an archer in each tower
2  a secret room that will be my office
3  a room containing body parts i rend from my enemies
4  a room dedicated to Grumbar

Plus some other things but obviously in the future.  Bases on what I have
sent you, can I get an estimate of cost so I can ensure I can afford it? 
Also, my plans are to have the Entrance connect to the deadend found in the
northwest corner of Tonovi.

Which brings me to my other question.. has it been determined yet if I will
be able to take over Tonovi?
------------------------------
Sun Jul  7 17:47:33 2002 from Lusell
To: Styx 
Cc: Lusell 
Subject: Description of Keep/Castle

Overall Look - I want something somewhat classic.  So I was thinking a keep
that is square with at least two turrets (in the front).  If affordable, I
will/can add two in the rear later.  A portcullis as an entry and of course
a moat surrounding the whole thing.  I would like the moat to have a trap
for obvious reasons.

Inside Look - I would like a main room, sort of like an office.  A place
where I can have you guys add things like the eye of Sunder I currently
have and any other things I might aquire.  I would also like some sort of
small courtyard with non-typical plants/flowers.  Perhaps even deadly. 
Maybe even lure persons into picking a deadly flower only to have it cause
poison on a delay basis.  Or perhaps even have the flower cast a spell like
the shadow spell that Maskarans have.  Other rooms in the keep would be at
your descretion. 

I would like (of course if affordable) a secret room off my office.  No
trap is necessary.

I would also like an archer in each tower.  Maybe they could fire at those
that set off the trap out front of the keep.  Or they could fire on my
enemies.  I could pay to have a list of names and when those people came
too close, an alarm would go off notifying me (if i was in the keep) and
the archers would fire on them.

I would like one (maybe later more if affordable) wandering
guard/watchman/knight.

I would like a dungeon-type room that I could hold persons in.  Maybe a
cell under my secret room.  I would like it to be unscryable (protected
from scrying??).


Once you give me a general idea on price, I can decide what we can scratch
and what we can keep.  I would then add some room descriptions.  Things
like coat-of-arms, tapestries, and stuff.
****************************************




