6: General Conduct
   A> There are some common sense things that apply to any game. When 
      playing a game of Monopoly, there is not a rule stating "Don't rob the
      bank" yet clearly that is not allowed. The game has a spirit about 
      it and if you work against that spirit regardless of a direct 
      reference to that action in the rules you are in fact breaking the 
      rules.
      
   B> You may have noticed, there was no lawyer class available. Reciting
      rules to the immortals and especially to LAW, will create far more
      ill will then anything else. I would highly advise NOT trying to play
      a lawyer.
   
   C> Scripts, triggers, and timers are absolutely illegal. If you are 
      caught using them, you may or may not be warned before ridding.  
      We simply do not tolerate that sort of outright cheating.

   D> Using emotes to "talk" is illegal. If you wish to customize your
      speech pattern use speech. You will have your emotes taken away
      if you use emotes to talk. Emotes are to describe actions only. 
      You look at bob in wonder.
      You sigh quickly toward wilber.
   
   E> Using the lines, or information heard on the lines, for IC actions
      or interactions is not allowed. typically your lines will simply 
      be removed. If you continue to abuse the lines, we will interpret
      this as a refusal to play the game as intended and simply remove 
      you.
   
   F> Shouting has a warning when you use it, and you should read it
      sometime if you do use it. It is not necessary to shout unless
      it is an emergency. Wizzes who are online usually listen to the
      lines, try asking for help there first and often another player
      may even be able to help you.  If you get no response, try typing 
      who and tell a visible wiz if you need help rather than shouting. 
      
   G> Logging out at or before the 2 minute warning is expected of everyone.
      The countdown is there to give you time to get to a safe place to
      log back in from - use it!  If you do not or log back in too soon
      (you should wait for at least two minutes past when the countdown 
      would have ended), you risk causing a number of problems and may be
      subject to punishment and/or loss of equipment accordingly.