5b) What is a class?
 
A class is considered your general way of life, akin to the modern
expression of saying "I work in television".  It does not specify
exactly what it is I do, but it does suggest that I have certain
talents I have gained through training and such which will last me
throughout my life that may be manifest in many different manners.
Similarly in the reality of Shadowgate, there are the following
general classes of people:

	[fighters, mages, clerics, thieves, rangers]
	[cavaliers. paladins, antipaladins and bards]

There are help files on each of these.  Once you join a class, you
are a member for life.  The class is your source of power.

If you are a multiclassed character, you are learning more than one
trade at a time. This is slightly harder, but does have it's own
benefits. You will need to often abide by the most restrictive of
all of your classes when arm and armoring yourself. You may often
find that, for mages, the armor allowed you by your other classes
will interfere with your spellcasting abilities.  Clerics will
only be able to use blunt weapons to fight.  Rogues will find
their abilities impaired or impossible when wearing armor other
than leather.

5c) What is a guild?

A guild on the other hand is a social institution.  It's main function
is to give an individual player character an individuality that is not
common in LPMud games.  There are no great powers gained by joining a
guild, but they do help tie you in a way to other players in the game. 
Your choice of guild should thus reflect your game personality.  The
number of guilds is limited only by how many the immortals of
Shadowgate have created.
 
5d) What are the different guilds on Shadowgate?
 
Type <help guilds> to get the most up to date guild information.
 
5e) How do I join a guild?
 
The method will vary from guild to guild.  You should talk to a member
of the guild you want to join to find out the process for that guild.
Remember that each guild on Shadowgate is meant only for a certain
resricted group of characters, so a guild good for one player is not
necessarily good for another player.
