18) What are hp?

Hp refers to health points.  Basically, if your health points go below zero you die.  If you die you will lose some experience points, so dying will set you back a bit.

18b) How do I know my current hps?

Type <score> or <hp>. There is also a way to set your prompt to show your hp after each command you enter, as well as other useful information, like your current language and your condition.

18c) Wait? Condition? What's that?

Basically this is reflecting, the more you run around and the more you fight, the faster you get tired and worn out.  You do get a boost to your condition when you enter combat, but you will loose your second wind shortly after you leave.

18d) Well ok but now I went and attacked a farmer and have only 3 hp left from my max of 24.  What can I do to solve this health problem?

First, you can type : heal <your name> and try to use a natural ability that all players have to heal a few of your lost hps back. You can do this as much as you like but it takes time, so is a slower method. Second, many of the major cities in Shadowgate have healers who, for a fee in gold, will provide healing services and sell healing devices. Third, certain players due to their class, will have healing
spells or abilities.

Lastly, some items that you may find within the Shadowgate world have the ability to heal. The most common would be healing potions that most healers will sell, for varying prices.

19) Ummm...a lot of the stuff I have been picking up is junk.  Should
    I just leave this stuff on the ground?

No!  It creates lag having useless items laying about.  You should get removed from the game environment as soon as possible if it is `junk'.  Either take the stuff you do not want to local stores and sell it as money is important and your character likely needs it, or type : offer <item>, and this will remove the item, as well as it may heal you a slight bit for each item you offer.

There is also the command <offerall> which will get rid of whatever is laying about on the ground.  Please note that this is an OOC command to help clean up the mud and prevent more frequent reboots. There are rules about this command, and you should read that in <help rules>.
