3: Concerning multi characters
   A> We allow a single player to have multiple characters. We believe 
      that at times you may want to play something different, get away
      from a current character. We frown upon having armies of other 
      characters. We feel that the MUD's greatest experience is the 
      continued dedication and connectedness with a single character.
      It may take a while to find the character that has the personality
      and situation that best fits for you. We ask that you use the 
      ability to make multiple characters with respect to the goal 
      of making ShadowGate a community of meaningful characters.
       
   B> Having two characters logged on at the same time is illegal.
      If you are seen doing this, both characters will be rid.
      
   C> Giving away characters is illegal. If you don't want to play
      a character anymore, suicide , ask to be rid, or just stop playing
      (inactive characters are rid after 2 months).
      
   D> Switching between characters is bad roleplaying, and if you
      are seen doing it enough, then your characters will be linked.
      This means when you get into a situation with your thief and 
      you suddenly decide that your cleric could kill this monster
      (or player) or get that item easier and do the appropriate
      player switching. Wanting to stop playing one character and
      start playing another under normal circumstances is reasonable.
      If you are switching between characters, quit and don't just
      disconnect. If you are disconnecting and reconnecting, we will
      probably assume you are doing something illegal.
      
   E> Giving items and/or money between your own characters is illegal.
      If you are caught doing this in ANY way, the items/money will be
      taken away. If you keep doing it, your characters will be linked
      or jailed or rid.
       
   F> Talking about "your other chars" or refering to your other chars 
      in a manner that tells people you are they is considered bad RP
      and illegal use of OOC information. If caught you will be jailed.
      This also applies to talking about other people's characters in an
      OOC sense.
      
   G> The implication of these rules is that your characters can not know
      of each other. They can never have met, never have had any 
      interaction. This means that your characters can not have any 
      relation. They can not be brother and sister, husband and wife, etc.

   H> All characters must have a valid email address set. If your email 
      address changes you should change this address. This is for three 
      reasons. We track characters by email. If you ever have problems 
      with a password, or registration and you need to email the 
      administration, if the email you use and your email set don't match 
      we will ignore the message. We on occassion have had to send mass 
      emails to people concerning the mud or its server.
