2: Concerning OOC
   A> OOC means out of character. OOG means out of game. OOC is as your 
      player not as your character. OOC does have its place on the MUD. 
      This is best used when speaking about the game in general, asking 
      functional questions, or making suggestions/comments. OOG has NO 
      place on the MUD. ShadowGate is not a meeting ground for long lost
      friends. ShadowGate is not a cyber dating service. Email addresses,
      ICQ, AIM, etc information should not be exchanged on the MUD. If you
      are caught you will be at least jailed, at most removed completely.
      Please refer to the help roleplaying for more information.
      
   B> Using any out of game advantage, such as real life relationships,
      is frowned upon. This means information as well as roleplaying
      situations. Just because two people are friends in real life, 
      that does not mean their characters are not bitter enemies. This
      means that the paladin and antipaladin who are sitting next to 
      each other at the computers should not be partying all over the
      place.
      
   C> Quitting or disconnecting out of battle is an unfair advantage.
      Think about it, how would you like it if the dragon you were
      fighting suddenly decided to quit and come back in a few hours?
      If you are caught doing this, you will receive the penalty of
      the death you were trying to escape.
      
   D> Use of offerall as an RP tool is forbidden. Offerall is a tool 
      provided so that a player can get rid of unwanted equipment. 
      Offerall is not to be used in an attempt to hinder other players. 
      Offerall is considered an OOC device and falls under OOC advantages.
      
   E> Trying to exact an IC action against an inactive person is illegal. 
      This includes attacking, animating, attacking horses, and all other 
      IC actions. This includes waiting for the moment they go active and 
      stabbing them. Conversely, inactive is an OOC action. Using it to 
      avoid combat etc is the same as quitting out. Inactive includes 
      edits as well in both cases.
      
   F> Mail is an OOC tool. Using it to communicate around languages
      or distances is illegal. The only IC action through mail is 
      the legal bounty voting.
      
