5: Inter player relations/inter character relations
   A> As an environment of people from across the global coming together
      to play as other beings in another world. There are obviously 
      some interaction problems that arise. As already stated, there 
      should be no OOG interactions here. However, RL personalities
      may clash over IG (In game) issues. Typically we should all act as
      adults and treat the others as such until they prove to be 
      otherwise. 
      
   B> As characters, interactions should be based solely upon role playing
      reasons. OOG problems should not drive the actions of your 
      character, nor should OOG concerns or relations. The paladin should
      not allow his RL girlfriend the antipaladin to slay small children 
      without recourse, just because they are in a relationship.
   
   C> Multikilling is illegal. If you kill someone who has recently
      died (and has not had a chance to re-equip) without provocation,
      that is multikilling. If the recently deceased comes back and
      attacks you and you kill him or her, that is not multikilling.
      If you are caught multikilling, you will be jailed or rid.
      Please note that if a person is reequiped or appears to be 
      reequipped but not in sufficient situation to be considered 
      "back in game" then that person is still off limits. The accepted
      time limit is 20 to 30 minutes after gaining back some measure of
      equipment. That time limit, however, is not a point at which you 
      may simply kill them again. Just use some sense and think about 
      how you are after you've died.
   
   D> When you are under multi-killing protection you should simply 
      attempt to re-equip and make yourself ready to re-enter the game.
      This is considered an OOC time. You should not RP during this time. 
      RPing during this time would be considered back in game. Multi-kill
      protection is also not a shield through which you can loot, swear, 
      insult. If you do any of this, then your multi-kill protection is 
      lifted.
   
   E> Swearing at or directly abusing someone over a public line is
      illegal. Excessive references to real life over public lines
      is bad roleplaying. Your lines will be removed at the discretion 
      of any wiz online. They may or may not be returned, also at the
      discretion of a wiz. If you have a problem with lines, mail
      law and they will make a decision.

   F> Harrassing someone in any situation is illegal. What we 
      consider harrassment is the unwanted inclusion of real life in
      the mud or the mud in real life. If you are 'bothered' in
      character, then respond in character. If you feel that it is
      beyond the game, then please contact a wiz.

   G> Female characters are not entitled to help any more than male
      characters. A player should neither seek nor be given help simply
      because she is female.

   H> Much of the fun of the game is adventuring and discovering the MUD. 
      Part of this fun is ruined when people are given things and secrets.
      Proliferation of equipment to those that cannot get it, is frowned
      upon highly, and if you do it often, you will be punished, 
      especially equipment given to newbies and low mids. Any equipment 
      sold should be at a steep price.  Penalties include the standards of 
      jail and rid for multiple offenders, and desting of equipment given, 
      and what could be seen as intended to give.
