Role Playing is the total assumption of a role separate from that of your own. This implies that you become the person you are playing. When entering the virtual world of ShadowGate you become totally the character you are playing, assuming that character's attributes including intelligence, age, etc. You should also completely leave the real world behind. Forget who you are in real life and become Conan or Grimsaddle or Fletch. Conversely, when you log out of the MUD you should leave it behind. Don't take the mud to RL just as you don't take RL to the MUD. Two different worlds, two different people.

When Rolling your character you are given ample opportunity to affect attributes of the character. When a character is completed we assume that you will take on all the attributes you have chosen. For example, if Fletch the archer rolled a 3 charisma, we expect that his description and personality will reflect this (note we don't use comeliness so charisma encompasses appearance). We have age, weight, height here. All these things should be considered when RPing. 

Alignment is an important part of your character. When you choose an alignment on ShadowGate, you are declaring the way your character thinks morally and politically. It declares the nature of your thoughts and actions up to the point of your creation (note that you could have had 8 to 500 years of life before entering the realms of adventure) Alignments should guide your character's thoughts. It should guide your character's actions. This isn't to say that an evil person can't do something good, but the reason for doing it should be clear.

Interactions on SG are what make the RP. Your interactions should be driven by your personality. Remember to leave RL in RL, and assume the other person will do the same. Interactions are real to THIS world.  That means that any type of interaction possible in the REAL world could theoretically be done in THIS world. When interacting with people, remember it's your character and their character. There is no connection to the real world and your person. 

Some types of interractions may make some players feel uncomfortable and take the fun of the game away. That person can at that point, through any means necessary, make a statement along the lines of "OOC I am not comfortable with this". The other person/people involved should at this point STOP, immediately and forthwith. Any actions that are being taken can then be assumed to have been completed and everyone can RP from that point, or the line of RP can be dropped entirely. If you do not STOP at this point, this is would be considered a violation of the roleplaying standards. You would be subject to multiple forms of punishment. If someone does not stop please send the complaint with log to an administrator. Note, this is a situation that quitting out is acceptable. Additionally, for protection of our staff and our players, the roleplaying of rape is absolutely, under every circumstance, forbidden.

All your MUD experiences should shape your character.  This means playing through bad ones as well as good ones. If you were to RP yourself into a bad situation and then give up on the character, what have you accomplished? How will your character grow?

