This directory contains all the files you will need to help you get
your MUD up and running using the Nightmare Mudlib version 3.2 for
the MudOS enhanced LPMud driver version 0.9.19.  Naturally, this file named
start is where you should start.  Other files describe features beyond
the initial process.

The first thing you should do if you have any patience :) is look at
Nightmare's directory structure and understand why things are set out
like they are.  This file, however, assumes you have no patience and
that you want to get your MUD up and running ASAP.  The file
"DirectoryStructure" will explain everything about the directory structure.

First, use the config.mud and options.h file which ships with the Nightmare 
Mudlib 3.2 making only the minimum changes necessary to get the mud running.
Changes like the mud name and where to find the mudlib directory, etc.  As of
*this* version, you cannot use strict typing or casting call outs since
some of the older code in the mudlib does not support those options.
At any rate, only make changes to the config.mud and options.h file once
you have managed to get the mud up and running smoothly under the default
one that ship[s with the mudlib.

The MUD should now boot up fine.  You will find that the mudlib ships
with a character called "admin" with a password of "admin".  You should
login with this character and your own character. Then take the following
steps:

1) With the admin character, type: "xmote mychar 1 administrator"
"mychar", of course, being the name of your character.  Level and
position are actually irrelevant, except that characters with
position "player" (like any new player) and "high mortal" do not have
access to creator powers.
2) Still with the admin character, edit the file /adm/db/groups.db, changing
every instance of the word "admin" to your characters name (in step one,
it was the name "mychar").
3) Make sure your name is NOT in the ambassador group.  Ambassador permissions
are restrictive permissions which override any other permissions you
might have.
4) Save the file and update /adm/obj/master.c
5) Either one of two things have now happened:
    a) master.c updated, and now you have admin access and wiz commands.
    b) The mud crashed.
If the MUD crashed, that means you made a typo in editing the groups.db
file.  Go back to the original and start again.
6) Move /adm/save/users/a/admin.o OUTSIDE of your mudlib directory on your
account.  You want to save this in case of later need, but you do not
want it sitting in your MUD as a security whole.  Truthfully, though,
even admin itself should have only regular creator powers.  But still
you do not want something with an easy password like "admin" just sitting
around.

You are now all set up as the administrator of your MUD.  You should be
able to edit any file you like, and promote any player to any
level and position you desire.  You will now likely want to read the
file called "GivingAccess" which details the process of adding other
creators and and administrators.
