%^BOLD%^%^BLUE%^Akadi%^RESET%^

Akadi is also known as the Lady of Air, Lady of the Winds, Queen of Air, and Queen of Air Elementals. She is a rather uncaring goddess, and her temperament changes with the wind and seasons, ranging from soft and sweet to cold and bitter. She will occasionally show favor to her followers, most commonly when they are making an offering to her (for she greatly enjoys offerings). She will sometimes listen to requests to provide good winds, to still the winds altogether, or to bring gentle rains, but she leaves the storms to Talos. Akadi is often portrayed as a large, translucent blue female with feathered wings that fade into clouds. She has rarely appeared, and when she has it was as a large column of swirling winds of tremendous force. Mostly she will send an aerial servant to deliver a message for her, and a change in the wind or a rising breeze is typically a sign of favor.

It is rare that a priest of Akadi will settle down in one place for very long, in fact, they are typically gone by the end of the day. Her priests travel almost constantly, spreading their faith and preaching of the freedom that Akadi brings. They will rarely argue with dissenters, and simply move on and ignore them. There are really two types of Akadian priests: the Whisper and the Roar. Those of the Whisper philosophy are prone to work behind the scenes, rarely even revealing themselves as a priest of Akadi. Those of the Roar philosophy tend to be more direct.

There are few actual temples to Akadi, and instead the structure of the priests is mostly organized into small groups with a charismatic leader that they follow around. Such groups are often prone to change, as members drift from one group to another, or even strike out on their own. Novice priests are caled Fledglings. They must undergo an initiate rite personally designed for them (although most involve flying in some form) that is supervised by at least two senior priests. Upon completion of the ritual they become full priests and recieve the title of Winged One. Ascending titles include: Air of the Goddess, Breeze of Light, Zephyr (senior priest), Mistral, Sirocco (leader of a large group), and Whirlwind (leader of a very large group or a priest of vast experience).

The doctrine of the Akadian church is to find personal enlightenment. They feel that truth can only be found in what one is interested in, and as soon as interest wanes all chances of further growth are halted. Because of this they are constantly switching activities and moving around from place to place, pursuing their own dreams and interests. They tend to ignore those who resist their doctrine, assuming that they will eventually realize the truth. The only thing they don't stand for is imprisonment of any form, for they believe that freedom is paramount. An imprisoned priest will often become very depressed and possibly die because of it.

The faithful of Akadi see each day as new and important, often rising before the dawn to whisper prayers on the morning breeze, and they will often stay up late to watch the moon rise. The Fellowship of Flight is the central ceremony in the Akadian religion. Upon reaching a certain level of skill a priest pray for an hour, and then will summon an air elemental. The elemental is sprinkled with flower petals, sung songs, and given poems praising Akadi that it may carry back to her realm, and sweet incense fills the air. Midsummer is the time of the only calendar festival. Followers will gather together around Akadi's temple for many days and on Midsummer's day they will chant the names of the heroes of the faith, adding new names to the roll to honor those who've passed on.

The Knights of Akadi are known as the Knights of the Wind's Four Quarters. They will pursue personal quests and undertake errands for the elder priests, or help with the ongoing conflict with followers of Grumbar. The mages are known as the Companions of the Summer Wind (who are good), the Disciples of the Spring's Breeze (who are neutral), or the Alliance of Midwinter's Teeth (who are evil).

Priests of Akadi wear robes of white, light gray, and light blue to represent their goddess. Silk is the preferred material due to its flowing nature, and they are usually dyed in rippling or flowing patterns of white or blue. They will also wear jewelry, usually of quartz crystal, milky opal, turquoise, beryllonite, augelite, blue spinel, or sapphire. These are also the stones from which the holy symbol is constructed, an air elemental will blow a layer of fine grit over one of the gemstones and inscribe Akadi's symbol into it. When they are adventuring the priests dress practically, although they do tend to accessorize in light blue, light gray, and white. They will normally confine their silk items to simply a scarf or decorative vest as they travel along the earth, wearing heavier clothing to shield themself from the element.

Akadi never likes to stay in one place for long, but rumor has it that there is an established temple that catches the mountain winds along a well traveled road, so that adventurers can pay tribute to her as they move from one path to the next. It is said to be somewhere north of Shadow.

