%^BLUE%^Auril%^RESET%^

Auril is most commonly known as the Frostmaiden, the Cold Goddess, Icedawn, or Lady Frostkiss. She is the goddess of ice and winters, and holds the most power in icey regions. She is mostly worshipped out of fear and is a fickle and vain creature with a cold heart and no sense of honor or nobility. She tends to toy with any who offend her, and loves to trap them in snow storms and allow them to go crazy while tempting them with visions of warmth and comfort while she freezes them to death. She is beautiful and deadly, often appearing as a furious woman with blue skin, long hair, and a flowing white gown surrounded by frost. She will also appear as a quiet, haunting figure with an ornate crown and opaque armor of an ice blue shade, gliding along. She will sometimes manifest as icy breath accompanied by a ruthless chuckle and a blue-white radiance that leaves a layer of frost to mark its passage. She will also appear as a blank-eyed face of frost with long white hair that radiates cold. She will control winter wolves, frost giants, undead, water elementals or ice para-elementals, or other artic creatures to confer her pleasure or displeasure.

Most of Auril's followers worship her from fear, wishing to placate her and forestall the harsh winters that she threatens. Those living in colder climates will revere her and give her gifts in an attempt to stave off a cold winter. Most of the actual clergy are priestesses, having few males in the ranks. The clergy are referred to as icepriestesses or icepriests. The structure of the church is quite loose and informal, most of the clergy wonders and are rather independent. Titles include the Hand of Auril and Icebreath, but at larger temples there are ranks of Postulant, Votre, Icewind, Storm Sister/Brother (usually these are priests between 3rd and 8th level), Frosttouch, Lady/Lord Cold, Lady/Lord Deep Winter, Lady/Lord Cold Circle, and High Hand of Ice.

Priestesses of Auril can often be found running through the snows with little clothing or bathing in freezing river waters in the depths of winter. They can make quite a profit delivering things such as medicines and supplies through the icy blizzards. The clergy members try to make everyone fear their goddess and the fury of winter. They like to make themselves very wealthy and influential, which can be easily done by carrying out tasks during the cold and harsh winters while no one else is able to even venture outside. Offerings are made to Auril by scattering their wealth in the falleing snow during a storm, or throwing it through cracks in ice. Priests are expected to coerce at least one person into praying to Auril during the winter months, begging for mercy and praising her for the cleansing cold that she brings. The prayer must be done out doors, preferably at night, and must last for the length of time it takes for a hand-sized piece of ice to melt. Priests are also expected to slay at least one creature by cold, typically providing potential worshippers with food from the kill, or slaying a personal enemy.

Midwinter night is the holiest of days to Auril's clergy. It consists of a festival of ice-dancing that lasts the entire night, clergy members enjoy themselves and also try to lure more followers into the ranks. The Embracing is required for acceptance into the clergy. It is a ritual that may be done during any time of the year, but requires a blizzard. The person is to run through the blizzard all night long while wearing only boots (which may be up to thigh-high), a thin shift, and body paint with symbols of Auril. The person will either die of exposure or be accepted and rescued by Her Embrace. Prayer is done in private during cold nights. In the summer the priests will usually immerse themselves in the coldest water they can find. Two other rituals are the Coming Storm and the Last Storm. These consist of the priests working together to summon the most powerful cold storm they can and bringing the harsh weather down upon a town or region to mark the onset of winter or the beginning of spring.

Priests of Auril wear ice-white ceremonial robes with blue lining. The robes are tied at the waist by a wide silver belt that also holds the ceremonial axe with the snowflake symbol of auril. A silver circlet is worn on the head to complete the outfit. While adventuring priests will wear the circlet, belt, and axe along with their noarmal clothes. They need not concern themselves with cold weather, and so they dress for enhancing their own appearance and don't weigh themselves down with excess clothing or baggage.

Priests of Auril enjoy cold mountain climates, and it is rumored that there is a small temple in the Antioch Mountains.
