Cyric

Cyric is most commonly known as the Prince of Lies, Prince of Madness, the Dark Sun, the Black Sun, or the Mad God. He is a relatively new god, gaining his powers from many of the older evil gods, but he has quickly established a large base of power. Unfortunately, he is rather mad, and believes that he is the center of the universe and that everything occurs is something that he wills. He is rather petty and self-centered, he enjoys tricking and misleading just about anybody, so long as he can reveal his deceit at the end and watch as their lives are ruined. He loves to drink the tears of disillusioned dreamers and broken-hearted lovers, and will drink from a silver chalice encrusted with rubies in the shape of sundered hearts. Cyric most commonly appears as a slim male with dark, blazing eyes and white skin, speaking sarcastically and will sometimes talk to himself in different voices. He will also haunt the dreams of his own worshippers as a bloody wraith, or manifest as a cloud of poisonous smoke in front of his enemies. He also will appears as a sudden gloom that contains phantom images of whirling human skulls. He will send nightmares or undead creatures to do his bidding or show his favor or disfavor. He will also masquerade as another god to gain the power from that worship, or appear as another deity to trick the other follower into an untimely (and often horrible) death.

Most of Cyric's worshippers are evil young men and women who wish to gather power for themselves. He also attracts assassins and other evil beings. Priests refer to themselvse as the Sworn. High priests are expected to carry out any and all orders of their god without question, despite how silly, dangerous, or outrageous the request is. Some priests carry out the tasks enthusiastically, while others obey to the letter, while changing the spirit of the task. The clergy is not totally stable and there are a wide variety of titles and dispute of rank. Priests are encouraged by inner voices, that may or may not be Cyric's. They are also constantly aware of the possibility of a higher priest stumbling, so that they might take their place. The most popular titles are: Dark Master, Hand of Cyric, Watchful Skull, and Dread Death.

The priests will take control by whatever means they are able, including force and deception. While random violence is good, violence with a specific purpose in mind is even better. Clergy members are often involved in plans, plots, counterplots, and many layers of treachery and deceit. Any treachery and means is allowed so long as it brings about the desired end.

Priests are dedicated to spreading strife everywhere and committing murders in order to make folk fear and believe in Cyric. They will support cruel rulers with the desire to build empires, and will visit strife upon every land, but without plunging the realms into all out war. However, most priests really spend their time looking for ways to gain their own power and scheming against their fellow members in an endless struggle for power. Cyric himself will give commands to his clergy, but the commands he gives to one church are also directly against those given to another, so that the two churches will end up at eachothers throats. Blood sacrifices are necessary if any prayer is to be heard. Churches will sometimes declare a Day of the Dark Sun when they acquire something important enough to sacrifice to Cyric.

Cyricists dress in black or dark purple robes that are trimmed in silver and have no hoods. Silver bracers or bracelets (typically with the skull and starburst symbol) are worn on the wrists to symbolize their enslavement to Cyric. Some priests pain the symbol of Cyric on their cheeks or foreheads on high holy days. As for adventuring, Cyricists are fond of disguises and love to use illusions to alter their appearance when they can. They will either dress to awe, impress, terrify, or blend in depending on what they wish to do. They do like to wear black armor with menacing designs (such as spiked shoulder pads and elbow pieces and helms in the shape of snarling monsters).

There is rumored to be a temple to Cyric in a burial area somewhere south of Shadow.
