%^BOLD%^%^CYAN%^Eldath%^RESET%^

Eldath is known as Goddess of Singing Waters, Mother of the Waters, the Quiet One, Mother Guardian of Groves, and the Green Goddess. She is a goddess of peace and calm, and it's said that her singing can be heard in brooks and waterfalls. She is a pacifist, usually taking no hostile actions even if threatened. She is sometimes thought of as shy, but has a resolve that can't be broken. She will often give way before challengers, who will soon discover that her apparent retreat merely put them into a rather bad position, surrounded by those who've been converted to her side. Mielikki and her are like sisters, and she sees Silvanus as a father figure. She does not often appear, but when she does it is usually to wounded beings who've found their way into a sacred area. She then takes the form of a tall, thin, graceful and beautiful translucent female (either human, nerei, or aquatic elf), with bare feet and hair like spun glass with deep green eyes and silky garments. She radiates stillness and peace. She will also appear as a whispering wind that brings messages and revives plants with a touch. She will show her approval by the actions of bears, raccoons, dryads, sylphys, nereids, brownies, sprites, feystags, stags, talking owls, unicorns, and other woodland creatures or plants, particularly daisies, and water lilies or lotuses, or even in stones such as aquamarine, clear quartz, blue topaz, sapphire, or other watery hued gems.

Eldath's clergy is small and spread out, most of the priests travel and preach, settling in a quiet spot and teaching those who wish to be enlightened. They will commonly employ defensive spells, allowing their opponents to defeat themselves. Many followers are vegetarians or herbalists, not wanting to take any life at all. There is a simple hierarchy, with a dozen or so priests each having fourteen underpriests, report to a senior priest who reports to a grand priest responsible for the larger region. Higher ranking clergy have earned the rank of Exalted, from there they can become leaders of the local priesthood known as Keeper of the Fastness.

Eldathyan philosophy teaches that peace can only come from within and can't be imposed or taught, but must be reached through thought and meditation. Seeking stillness should result in finding peace. The faithful will plant trees and green-leaved things, tending any that they come across in need of care. They will nurture and aid, not restricting or punishing, although they may defend. Defense is the only time that violence is permitted, and they are not allowed to kill anything of the forest, except to prevent it from killing them or someone they're protecting. They are instructed to aid followers of Silvanus and Mielikki whenever possible, giving assistance, support, and shelter to displaced forest dwellers and those who work to defend ponds, marshes, or streamside woods. They must make a solemn promise to take no thinking life save in the direst of need, and to share with everyone the beneficial things that grow in or come from running water, so that all may know of and praise Eldath.

Eldathyn followers usually spend their time tending to unspoiled places to ensure their survival and help them to flourish against increasing populations and descrutive forces. The priests will replant burned areas, purge plants of diseases, construct firebreaks, irrigate wooded areas, and clear streambeds to allow rivers to flow more swiftly, or create dams to slow runoff and encourage life in small pools. They will make bargains with foresters to cut only in certain areas, leaving the rest of the woodland alone. They have a strong dislike of greedy woodcutters, or those who use fire as a weapon, or careless millers or others who foul rivers and other clear waters. They will do whatever they can to work against them, often planning for long-term success, avoiding open confrontation. Priests are also expected to record whatever birds, plans, or beasts that they encounter in their travels, noting the locations and changes over the years, reporting to their superiors on a frequent basis to keep track of the ecologies. They will often work as herbalists, gardeners, or potion-makers in order to raise money. They rarely will live in large settlements, preforming streamside cottages that are often guarded by trained animals. All Eldathyns are taught how to swim.

The priests pray while bathing or floating in water, or while in meditation in small chambers, caves, or forests. Prayers are offered upon awakening, at sunset, and at least once during the night, but may be performed at other times as well. In the wilderness or remote areas priests believe that worship should be done while naked. The Greening is the only yearly ritual and consists of gathering a festival of the clergy in the spring. It is preceded by Firstflow, which is a festival held in different places and different times depending on when the ice breaks up and water begins to flow again after winter.

The Eldathyn priests dress simply in green and blue robes decorated with water-colored semiprecious gems and embroidered in water patterns. Devoted priests will also wear a series of sheer robes, each in a different shade of green and blue. The sleeves and hems of all garments are carefully cut to mimic the tossing waves of the sea. They dress practically while adventuring, but do like to wear some form of green and blue and tend to allow their sleeves and hems to become ragged, therefore looking more like frothing water. Most common are leaf-green robes with moss-green accents, gray sashes, and a brown overcloak.

Priests of Eldath enjoy the beauty of nature, it has been rumored that they maintain a temple somewhere in the wild beauty of the Charu Mountains.
