%^ORANGE%^Grumbar%^RESET%^

Grumbar has many names, including Boss of Earth, King of the Land Below the Roots, and Boss of the Earth Elementals. He reflects the earth which he represents and is a rather stoic and unchanging god. He bears his burdens without complaint and watches silently as events unfold, tending to plan and wait patiently until action is required. Grumbar always resists change. Grumbar accepts offerings of many sorts, taking them down into the earth. He is said to be fond of many of the earthen gems, particularly sardonyx and jasper. The only thing fickle about Grumbar is the blessings he grants those that give him offerings, and this is probably less of a whimsy than simply a lack of understanding in his logic. When Grumbar appears he will usually be in the form of an enormous earth elemental, but he rarely shows himself. He will more often send an earth elemental in his stead to do his bidding.

The priests of Grumbar follow their god, remaining stoic and resisting all possible change. Some of the priests are more active, while others remain passive and unmoving as the earth. There are various sects referred to as Holds, with those of similar alignment and ideals clustering together to form the Holds. The novice priests of the faith are called the Unspoken, but become Oathbound as they take the Oath of Landwalking and fully wield their priestly powers. The titles other titles include: Faithful Bedrock, Granite Flagstone, Righteous Rock, Buttress of Faith, Steadfast Pillar, Devoted Tribune, Loyal Architrave, Founding Fist, Unchanging Bastion, Surmounting Arch, Loyal Vault, and Keystone of Grumbar.

All temples to Grumbar are, predictably, made out of stone. The architecture is usually quite exquisite, with vaulted ceilings and other inventive architectural features. There is rarely any wood in the temple, prefering stone pews. Gems and precious minerals are quite common, however, adorning many of the surfaces and statues to Grumbar.

Grumbarryn followers are cautious in their explorations of new areas. They believe one should know the entire area that one is in, before seeking to explore or expand new domains. Grumbar's followers are expected to offer prayer and thanks to him each morning and night for keeping the earth stable. There are also two annual ceremonies. The Oath of Landwalking is a promise that each priest takes that forbids them to travel through the air or by sea, so they will always keep their feet on land. Travel over water is allowed only when the church benefits as a result of the priest's sacrifice. Acceptable reasons include discovering a new earth-based creature, finding a new source of minerals or stones to replace those that have been mined out, or the dedication of a new temple in the new land. The Brotherhood of Earth is the second ceremony where the higher level priests will call forth their brethren from the Elemental Plane of Earth. Days of fasting and prayer precede this ceremony. When the elemental is summoned it is given gifts of gems and gold to carry back to Grumbar. There is also a Midwinter celebration at the end of the year, for all of the earth has been held secure in that time. At the celebration is when the priests get together and plan out upcoming events for the next year (which, of course, are always kept to the letter).

The knights of Grumbar are known as the Sardonyx Knights. They tend to guard the holy sites against enterlopers. They have the added duty of punishing all those who forsake the oaths of Grumbar.

Most followers of Grumbar are typically large and solid men, they wear clothing with the purpose of making them appear as large and stable as possible. Ritual garb consists of platform clogs (to increase height) worn over soft leather boots, a brown tunic belted at the waist, a brown hood or hat, and an enveloping gray-green cloak that has extended shoulder pads to increase one's size even further. While adventuring the priests wear earth-tones or sometimes gray and black (depending on their particular sect), and do away with bulky clothing, exchanging it for bulky armor instead that is as protective as possible. 

Grumbar's domain is wherever the earth is, but his main centers of worship are on the large continent of Shadow. His main temple is said to be somewhere north of Shadow, in the gentle foothills of the Charu Mountains.
