%^RED%^Loviatar%^RESET%^

Loviatar is also called the Maiden of Pain, the Willing Whip, and the Patroness of Torturers. She is an aggressive, domineering, and fearless goddess with a cruel, cold, calculating nature. She is almost emotionally unreachable and has a heart of ice. She enjoys inflicting psychological pain in addition to physical pain, and is quite adept at both. She doesn't fear pain or hurt herself, and laughs at those who try to harm her in such a way. She often appears a a beautiful human maiden with a slim build and long blonde hair. She loves to dress in revealing, white silks accented by silver chains, or in skin-tight black leather with spikes. She also appears as a flying black whip, or as a disembodied female head with blonde hair.

Loviatans are often found in large, decadent cities. They recruit both the bored and wealthy, and the poor beggars of the streets. They are very vengeful, and their rivals often avoid them because death would be a blessing to anyone who crossed a Loviatan. Women dominate the ranks of Loviatar, and most especially clerics. They all tend to be cruel and sadistic, taking pleasure in inflicting pain on others, as well as receiving pain themselves. Those who survive the ranks of Loviatar often have great self-control. It is not unusual for them to inflict salt in their own wounds to increase the pain they feel. They are always alert and careful, though they boldly walk the open streets of the cities. 

There is a strict hierarchy within the church. Novices are called Kneeling Ones. The confirmed priests use the following titles (in ascending order): Taystren, Adept in Pain, Ssiter/Brother in Torment, Supremar, Caressor of Terrors, Whiplass/Whiplar, Paingiver, Whipmistress/Whipmaster, High Whipmistress/Whipmaster, Branded of the God, and Truescar. The last two titles are applied to those who've been head of one of the temples or particularly distinguished themselves to Loviatar.

Loviatar teaches her followers that the world is filled with pain and torment, and that it is best to suffer the blows that can't be avoided and to deal as much pain back to those who offend you. True pleasure is only won through pain, and the strong are those who taste pain and strive on it. Loviatar enjoys being feared, and her clergy is instructed to remind everyone of her ever-present power in the darkness after they have inflicted pain. They are committed to causing tireless suffering. Being a good actor and having striking beauty are both highly useful traits for the Loviatans. The most successful followers are those who understand the nature of people and know how to cause them the most pain and manipulate them towards their own ends.

The basic ritual is that of a kneeling prayer at morning and evening which consists of striking yourself once with a whip. They also consecrate whips, wine, holy symbols and other items (especially those of torture), which are commonly used during celebrations of priestly advancement. Each new season is celebrated by the Rite of Pain and Purity. This ritual consists of a circle dance with chanting and singing performed over barbed wire, thorns, broken glass or crystals, and other sharp objects. Sometimes Loviatar will manifest in the center of the circle and either speak of missions they are to perform or tell them of her displeasure. If she does not appear, the ritual ends after half an hour. Every twelfth night smaller Candle Rites are celebrated which consist of singing, chanting, and praying as clergy members dance around candles, passing their bodies over the flames. It ends with the highest priestess present extinguishing her candle with consecrated wine.

The typical garb of priests consists of high black boots, black chokers, and long black gloves that reach to the shoulder. They will also wear daring leather body hanesses over or under side-slit ritual robes of either white or black that are lined with scarlet silk. For adventuring they wear pleated armor, similar to scale mail, that is light weight and designed to emphasize the wearer's figure instead of trying to protect them. This is sometimes augmented by spiked breastplates, which are useful when they get close enough to hug their victim.

It is said that Verbobone has a strong influx of Loviatan priests.
