%^BOLD%^%^RED%^Malar%^RESET%^

Malar is also known as the Beastlord, Lord of Beasts, the Black-Blooded Pard, Wild Hunter, Master of the Hunt and the Ravaging Bear. Obviously he rules over hunters and bloodlust and is the god of the savage wild. He is one of the Gods of Fury who serve Talos. He loves the hunt and kill, hungering for the blood of his prey. He despises those who try to institute Balance, and seeks to overthrow them. He has two favorite forms. That of the Beast, which is a man-sized, catlike beast with sleek and supple movements, ebony fur, and talons and fangs that endlessly drip blood. The second is that of a black-furred, 12 foot tall humanoid with red eyes, a large rack of antlers, and an exceedingly ugly face that is only vaguely human. He will also sometimes manifest as a cloud of darkness with two gleaming red feral eyes or a disemboidied furry beast limb.

The church itself is loosely structured with no real hierarchy. The churches are based around the concept of the hunt, and the most powerful individual of each group is known as the Huntmaster, who may be of almost any class. The office is won by a challenge that is a fight to the death or until resignation. The other priests are known as Lords of the Hunt, or Huntlords; senior clergy are called the Old Hunter. They will often take individual names among their ranks in recognition of the most powerful beast that they have slain with only their daggers or bare hands (things such as Sister Bear or Brother Jackal).

Malarites engage in huntin as often as possible, enjoying the dangers and loving to route the quarry into a settled area so as to demonstrate their superiority. The clergy preach of the joys and bounty that the hunt can bring, and they seek to suppress farm and settlement expansion so as to preserve as much wilderness as possible.

The most common rituals are simply personal prayers to Malar offered before, during, and after the hunt (sometimes with a toast of the blood of their prey). The Bloodsong is sung over the bodies of all creatures slain during the hunt, as well as specific ritual prayers and chants that accompany feasting of any such beast. The Feast of the Stags and the High Hunts are the main festivities. The Fest is celebrated at Higharvestide and involves the Malarites parading through settled areas while bearing the heads of the beasts they've slain in the last ten days. They lead all who desire to eat to a great feast where the hunted beasts are the main dishes for this 2 day festival. Anyone may come, even enemies can eat safely, for they are protected by "the Peace of the Table." During this feast the priests publicly declare to hunt throughout the coming winter for the tables of specific widows, agd folk, infirm individuals, and orphan children. This is the high point of respect in communities for Malarites. The High Hunt is celebrated by each individual group at least once during each of the four seasons.  Any Malarite able to walk attends this event, wearing boots and headpieces made from the skulls or heads of beasts they've personally killed, and each wields only a knife or the claws of Malar. They hunt a sentient humanoid (typically a human male) who is set free into a wooded area (or sometimes an extensive cave complex) that is ringed by clergy members. The victim is allowed to be armed and armored with any nonmagical items that he or she wants and that can be reasonably obtained. The person is then hunted for the glory of Malar. However, if they manage to escape the boundaries of the hunt within a day and a night, or manage to survive until the sun has cleared the morning horizon after the hunt begins, they win their freedom and can never be hunted in a Hight Hunt again, and is also allowed to askany favor of the Huntmaster that he may grant, so long as it does not involve the killing of a Malarite. The victim cannot be a worshipper of Malar. If the victim is caught and killed, they are burned to ashes as a meal for Malar.

Huntmasters wear headpieces made from the pelt and head of the most impressive beast they've been able to slay with their bear hands. Other Malarites carry hunting horns and are never without at least three daggers (though these are often hidden). They dress in woodland garb of red or brown for hunts, otherwise they wear cloaks of mottled black, gray, or green over their read hunting clothes, along with necklaces of animal bones, fangs, and claws, in addition to a variety of pelts if they're trying to impress someone. For adventures they dress practically, but most favor armor that's made from the hides of living creatures, for this typically allows for the most flexibility and quick movement. They still wear their necklaces and pelts to remind everyone of their hunting prowess. Huntmasters are allowed to use the claws of Malar, which are metal weapons gripped in the fists that are similar to brass knuckles, with studded rows of sharp, jagged edges.

The only fitting place for a temple of Malar would be near some foresty wilderness that was filled with challenging prey. It is said that many hunters roam one of the forests south of Shadow.
