%^BOLD%^%^CYAN%^Mystra%^RESET%^

Mystra is known as the Mother of All Magic, the Lady of Mysteries, and Our Lady of Spells. Her sphere is that of magic, and she controls the Weave which is the source of all magic in the realms. She prefers to appear as a lovely, dark haired human female. She also appears as a blue-white glow around objects or places that she wishes to draw attention to, or sometimes as a disembodied female hand that's ringed by blue-white motes of light.

Wizards hold her in high esteem, even those who do not follow her, for without her, they would have no magic at all. It is common to offer her sacrifices of temporarily  or permanently enchanted items. Her followers judge people by talent and ability, instead of social rank or any particular hierarchy. 

Mystrans labor to preserve all magical lore that they might discover so that magic might always flourish in the future. Some areas have huge festivals dedicated to Mystra, but on the whole her worship is a more personal rite. The two ceremonies that her clergy do perform are called Starflight and Magefire. Starlight is typically an initation rite for new priests, or a celebration when two priests are married. It takes the effort of several clergy combined to allow one to fly for a short period of time. This provides not only a delightful change of pace, but also allows them to overlook the land that they are part of, or provide a special beginning for the new married couple. Magefire is a ritual of renewal. It consists of clergy members gathering in a circle around the chosen priest and filling him or her with their power. The power will surge through the chosen person's body, manifesting as blue fire when it spills forth, it cleanses and renews the person. A more solemn ritual is called the Hymn to the Lady, it is performed at funerals. It consists of the clergy members singing a song and it calls up visions of dead mages. Sometimes a Magefire ceremony may be employed at the end of a Hymn to raise the honored dead aloft into the sky on a floating pyre.

The ceremonial dress of Mystra's priests is a simple blue robe, sometimes trimmed in white. It is accented by a cloak of dark blue if they are in a colder climate. Headgear is required, but is quite varied depending on tastes, though almost always blue. Adventuring garb is quite different, the priests wear practical armor and typically display the symbol of Mystra on their shield.

It is said that the mage tower in Shadow draws many worshippers of Mystra, and that her temple is not too far away from the city itself.
