%^BOLD%^Selune%^RESET%^

Selune is also called the Moonmaiden, the Night White Lady, and Our Lady of Silver. She is a benevolent goddess who rules over the night sky and helps to guide navigators, wanderers, and seekers. It is no secret that she is enemies with Shar, and the two of them, along with their priesthood, will often battle eachother. Other than that, she is normally a calm goddess. Selune is served by a group of shining female warriors known as the Shards. These women have pearly white skin and long, flowing blue hair and are not of this plane. Selune appears in many forms that change with the moon, but she also appears as a dancing mote of light called 'moondust' or 'moon motes' that are similar to will-o'-wisps. These moon motes may exude glowing drops of sparkling pearly liquid that the Selunites gather as prized possessions. She has also been known to send owls, some shapeshifters (including lycanthropes) and weredragons to show her favor or presence.

Couples often ask Selune to bless them with children when they are ready. Women will look to her for courage, strength, and guidance. She places few demands on her followers and is a kind and giving goddess. She preaches acceptance and tolerance to her clergy, and any that are welcomed within her ranks are treated as dearest friends. 

The priests and priestesses of Selune wonder the lands, preaching to potential worshippers. They often make a small living by telling fortunes, for Selunites are best at reading the stars and they can call on Selune herself for guidance. They will face lycanthropes fearlessly, and are also generous with their healing, rarely charging anything other than perhaps a meal or a night's rest. Her followers are encouraged to be humble and self-reliant, while trying to succeed as best they can in the world. They are to remain friendly and helpful to the decent folk of the realm. By doing this, her clergy are usually happy and fulfilled, and often become important people. It is important that each person find his or her own path.

While the rituals of Selune are not too strictly observed, most clergies members do practice them on a somewhat regular basis. The majority are individual, quite observances. One of the most common rituals are open-air dances and prayers under the moonlight coupled with offerings of milk and wine poured upon a central altar during the nights of every full moon and new moon. Such rituals are called the night stalks. The most sacred rituals are the Conjuring of the Second Moon and the Mystery of the Night. The Conjuring of the Second Moon is performed only during Shieldmeet, and it summons the Shards to do the bidding of the mortal clergy, which often involves battling the minions of Shar. The Shards will always chose a mortal priestess to become one of them and take her before they depart. The Mystery of the Night must be performed at least once a year by every priest. During this ritual Selunites cast secret spells and lie before Selune's altar. They then fly upward and spiral around the moon in a trance while they speak personally with their goddess via telepathy. The ritual is very draining and causes some damage to the priests, but nothing that they cannot handle and cure. When Selune is happy, she causes the milk or wine poured onto her altar to be bathed in moonlight and transformed into moonfire, which is a beautiful, opalescent, glowing, silky, fluid mass. The moonfire will flow down the altar to touch beings and items. It vanishes when Selune wills it.

The dress of Selune's clergy varies widely. They can be wearing anything from plain brown robes, to only a few pieces of moonstone jewelry accenting their normal clothing, or bejeweled gowns made of the finest material and most extravagent fashions. In the field, however, they all dress practically. They do tend to dress fashionably, without over-doing it, in day to day activities. They usually prefer a smooth-headed mace as a weapon, which they call the moon's hand.

Daggerdale is said to be a strong center of worship for Selune.
