                    The Organization of Nightmare LPMud
                               As of 931113

The highest levels of mud functioning aredivided into 4 departments,
each with a head arch and several assistant arches.  On Nightmare, there are
no levels for immortals as there are for players.  Instead, responsibilities
are dictated by your position.  Nightmare has the following positions:

head arch
arch
mentor   elder   advocate
retired arch
creator
immortal
new immortal

Each position carries the following responsibilities:

head arch:
Administrates 1 of the four administrative departments in the game.
Nightmare's administrative departments are:
approval    driver    law    mudlib
approval is responsible for the quality and balance of realms
added to the game
driver is responsible for the running of the MudOS driver as
well as all system level code
law handles the rules necessary to make sure that the mud is secure
and to make sure that the game remains the challenge
that it is intended to be
mudlib is responsible for the library code used by immortals to
build objects for the game

arch:
An arch carries out the decisions for day to day functioning
of each administrative department

mentor
A mentor is responsible for the sponsorship of new immortals
into full immortality.  A mentor helps their sponsors learn LPC
coding and work within Nightmare's structure.

advocate
The mud advocate handles player affairs, answering questions and
presenting problems beyond the power of the advocate to deal
with to the appropriate administrative department.

elder
Elders run domains and supervise the coding of immortals and creators who are
building under their domain.

creator
A creator is an immortal who has added to the game and thus
has certain coding priveledges beyond the coding of realms and quests.

immortal
A person who has met all qualitifications for immortality and
is responsible for adding a realm to the game.

new immortal
A player who is responsible for reading mud documentation in preparation
for sponsorship.
