------------------------ Player Rules --------------------------------

     1.   The game is played by players.  The game is built by immortals.
	  Once you become a immortal, you will no longer be playing the game,
	  you will be building it.  Immortals are not allowed to change the
	  natural course of events of the game for players, so do not even
	  ask an immortal for help.  That includes information about a quest,
	  guild removal, healing, resetting rooms, or just about anything
	  except asking the immortal for the time.  So don't ask.  Asking is
	  a violation of the rules.

     2.   Do you think you need help from an immortal to correct an "unnatural"
	  course of events?  Only arches can take care of such problems, so
	  make sure you ask an arch or Shadowwolf.  DO NOT ASK ANY OTHER
          IMMORTAL.  For a listing of the admins and arches, type <help arches>.
	  An unnatural course of events is a bug in the game.  Crashes and
	  reboots are considered a part of life, so do not bother asking.
	  about those.

     3.   Player killing is legal, but it is not at all thought of as a good
         way to enjoy the game.  We immortals recognize the absurdity of
         trying to create a virtual reality and then making this bizarre
         law from above that you cannot kill some things in the reality.
         This is treated therefore within the morality of the mortals who
         play the game.  And you must remember that there is a difference
         between the monsters you kill and the mortals.  There are real
         people behind the mortals trying to have a good time.  So killing
         good things makes you evil, and if you are evil, you become the
         target of the majority of Nightmare players, and of any system of
         law that high mortals attempt to impose upon the town of Praxis.

     4.   We are now allowing some degree of multiple characters back
	  into the game.  Please read the book on this in the library
          for details

     5.  It is recommended that players work on quests together, in groups.
	 Information for quests or any other aspect of the game must be gained
         through the natural playing of the game as intended.  An illegal
	 manner is one in a way not through the natural course of events, i.e. 
	 being helped by a immortal.  Players helping players is quite.
         acceptable.

     6.   Excessive shouting may lead to a sore throat.

     7.   Stealing is legal.  But revenge is also legal (see rule 3).

     8.   Exploiting game bugs intentionaly to advance will result in
          removal of character.

     9.   Shouting of profanities will result in loss of shout ability.

     10.  All players must have a valid email address entered.  Anyone
          without one will be deleted.  To add a valid email address,
          use the command <chfn>.
	  Email information is not displayed to the general public.

     11.  Do not be offensive to other players.  Please read the book
          called <offensive acts> to understand what we mean by offensive,
	  as this is not so much censorship as you might think.
