Immortals have the ability to snoop others.  This means they can see
events that happen to you *just as they happen to you*.  This is a
very powerful and easily abused power, so it is restricted in the following
ways:
    1) A player must grant a non-arch immortal permission to be snooped.
       This is because one legitimate use of snoop is to allow an
       immortal to see exactly what a problem is when you encounter it,
       because it is a lot easier a lot of the see the problem than hear
       it described.  But secrecy is not needed for this use, so
       immortals do not need unlimited snoop.  You grant and restrict
       snooping ability with the command "snoopable".
    2) People with the position arch, head arch, or administrator may
       snoop any player at any time if that arch deems it in the best
       interests of the mud.  The arch does not need that player's
       permission for this to happen, and the player need not be made
       that this is or ever was occurring.  Player's playing this mud
       in this respect have to trust that the Nightmare arches are
       generally ethical people who will not abuse this power.
    3) We guarantee that the sole purposes considered the best interests
       of the mud involve insurance of compliance with mud rules,
       mud security, and debugging.  This power will never be used for
       personal entertainment or anything of the sort.
    4) Any events snooped, so long as they are legal and do not compromise
       mud security, will be kept 100% confidential and not shared with
       anyone else.  Illegal events or acts which compromise mud security
       may in fact be made public in any way if deemed necessary by the
       arches.

Again, we realize that the power that exists is easily abused.  Keep in
mind that most muds allow unlimited snooping powers to any wizard.  On
this mud, everyone except arches are physically prevented from snooping
without your permission.  But there does exist a legitimate need for
the power for the people responsible for maintaining the game.  If this
makes you uncomfortable, understand that our policy is restrictive as far
as most muds go.  In addition, a mud is not a democratic institution,
and we straightforwardly admit that we will act in ways not generally
considered democratic if acts occur which we feel are bad for the mud.
Hopefully you can put enough trust in the arches to accept that we will
be just even though in this environment we cannot be democratic.
