Highmortal players have the option of eventually retiring a long-term character, should they choose, to allow them to continue to be a presence on the mud. This involves the character being recoded as it currently exists into an NPC, and the character itself being permanently locked (thus retaining their background, etc).

The most important point to note about this is that it is PERMANENT - there is no option to have the character restored if you change your mind at a later date. So please be entirely sure you are finished with the character and ready to move on before you request this. These NPCs are also potential sources for immortals to run plots and/or interactions with other characters - basically you are handing your character into the control of the immortal staff, so be sure you are comfortable with this.

Specialty requests can be made where appropriate - eg/ someone with an official position can be NPC'd as such; city guard, etc. There's also the possibility of enhanced characters - for example, a L60 mage becoming a lich, etc, though keep in mind that this is subject to both immortal approval, and actually getting a coder to agree to write the NPC, and all the area/combat that goes with it. As with HM houses, the more difficult/complex it is to make, in best case it will take much longer to have your character made, or in worst case you may be asked to come up with another idea. All requests are, as usual, subject to immortal approval (eg/ little L35 mage over here isn't gonna get approved to be a lich or similar anytime soon).

Once your character is approved for NPC'ing, you will need to think about a few specific details. The character will, obviously, be NPC'd at your current level, as your current classes, etc. However, thought will need to be put into location for your NPC (player houses work well; sitting a L60 highpriest in offestry doesn't work as well); potential special combat abilities; random things they may say or do in general (you've probably seen current NPCs that do this); a small framework of equipment they are currently using (not dropped by the NPC on death); a special "trademark" item as it were if desired (can be a past avatar item or such - something personal).

And as always - if in doubt, just ask your local friendly imm :)
