Calling of the Beast:
An incantation to conjure before you, an uncontrollable dragon of random variety.  This spell should be considered very chaotic.  You as a caster will have no control over your summoned dragon, nor will you have sanctuary from its actions.  The incantation requires a platinum sculpture of a dragon to be set down on the ground before you in the middle of a pentogram.  While drawing the pentogram you must repeatedly chant the phrase "Rogum hebrim a norbic verbim" no less than 9 times.  This
 spell will work best if the pentogram is drawn with the edge of a dragons scale.  Be wary, for it is never known what type of dragon will stem from the sculpture until it is amongst you.

Form of the Beast:

     This spell allows its caster to take the form of a dragon.  Dangerous in many ways if this power befalls a being of chaos.  It should only be attempted by those in harmony with the realm and at peace with themselves.  It will befall fate as to the type of dragon your shape will assume.  It should also be known that a failed attempt at this spell has been known to drain the very lifeforce from its caster.  Also noted in study is the assumed form of a golden dragon has never lasted over half 
the duration as other forms have.  Verbal commands for casting this spell are as follows:

     "Rip vshnok forsh balk nor aakram.  Svork tanz abrim okra." 

Enunciation is key to spell success.  Spell has caused death to several magi who have incorrectly spoken these words when their lifeforce drained to nothing.

Spell of Multiple Targets:

     A powerful spell of defensive nature created by Omaar d'Arge in Parthenal.  It makes use of a mithril mirror as component to create up to a dozem images equal in likeness and form to the caster.  While these images do not make attacks, the are very solid in form so that an attacker cannot tell if they are hitting the right target.  In research it has been found that these facsimile will take damage and eventually disappear when hurt enough.  Wizards who have attempted to dispel this magic 
have only succeeded in dispelling one image at a time.  It has also been noted that these facsimile will be seen through by carriers of a gem of true seeing, making the defense ineffective.  The wizard casting this spell must trace runes in the air with the mithril mirror while speaking his own name in rythym with the movement.  No side effects against the caster have been noted.

Powerword Castrate:
     Found by priests of Mystra who defeated the Lich of Sorum, this spell has been locked away for many years for obvious reasons.  For the purpose of knowledge, it has been tested on enemies of Mystra captured by the temples knights, though the victims were immediately healed by Mystra herself.  Through verbal incantation, the wizard causes the genitals of his male target, to essentially 'rot' off.  Study on this spell has been limited so no side effects have been noted yet.  
The verbal command for this spell is:  'shniptim scrotum'

Animate Golem:

With this spell, a wizard can create one golem. The construction of a golem is a long process and additional spells are required to fully animate the golem, but this spell can replace the wish spell in the process. The component is the golem to be animated and some gorgon blood.

Wind of Death:

     This spell causes a blackesh-gray cloud to form around a designated area.  Anyone in the area effected is poisoned by the gas and their lungs are eternally damaged (if they survive).  Most notibly, anyone that has been effected by this spell has suffered permanant loss of stamina and in some cases, the loss of strength.  In rare instances, those killed by this spell have arose in the form of juju zombies.
The material component is a sacrificed baby (less than 6 months old), an active phylactery of a lich, and the full dust from a 500 year old vampire. 

Genocide:
     This spell allows the wizard to kill one or more creatures of the same species: the wizard chooses a creature as the initial target for the spell, and after the incantations are complete, a black bolt shoots forth from the wizard's finger towards the chosen target. 
     If the spell is effective at killing its target, it will seek out its next target which would be any being of the same race in the area of the spell.  If the spell is ineffective it ceases to exist.  The spell will continue jumping from target to target until no being is left within the area of effect of the designated race, or until it fails to kill its target.
The material components of this spell are a pint of the wizard's blood and a figurine or statuette of the race to be targeted. The blood is consumed at the time of the casting, and the figurine is also destroyed.

Comet Strike:

     This spell creates twelve shards of ice. After the casting, the shards start spinning around the caster in tight orbits at tremendous velocity. The shards move with the caster, and will not affect the caster's movement, attacks, or spells.
     Anyone attempting to attack the caster while this spell looms over him/her, stands a chance of suffering damage from one of the shards.  The shard, when hitting its target, will explode into a spell of ice strom effecting only the target of the shard.  The caster can also command any of the shards at any time to attack an enemy in the area of the spells effect.

Diety Bind:
   
     Hidden away for very obvious reasons by the gods themselves.  This spell links the life force of the caster with the power of a chosen god. Once the link has been created nothing can break it short of the duration elapsing.
The bind offers the following benefits to the caster:
	The caster cannot be charmed, held, or even soul trapped.
	The caster knows all information that comes into the consciousness of the linked god: this is similar to a "divine ESP".
	Spells of higher than third level cast by priests of the "linked god" do not affect the recipient, healing spells included.

The bind presents the following problems:
	If the recipient is killed before the spell expires, the god is killed as well.
	If the linked god is killed before the spell expires, the recipient dies as well.
	The recipient permanently becomes the alignment of the linked god; if not already.
Obviously any given god will not want to be bound without appropriate compensation. But if the spell is 
cast correctly, the chosen god cannot prevent the link. If the spell is successful and the link is established, the god will, of course, do the best they can to keep the spell's recipient alive.
Finally, there are always those religious fanatics who will seek out a god-linked individual to kill them, hoping to eliminate a rival god.

The spell must be cast in a sanctuary of the intended god. The material component is an appropriate symbolic offering to get the god's attention; possibly a rare gem, artifact, or notable sacrifice.

Eternal Entity:

     This spell returns a disrupted or killed god back into existence; in other words a "divine resurrection".
Any god that has previously existed may be brought back with this spell. No matter how a god has been killed, the spell has a chance of returning him to form and consciousness. It is important to note, however, that this spell will not retrieve a god that is being held or exiled, nor will create a god that never actually existed in the history of the character's realm.
Regardless of the god's previous power, if the spell works, the newly resurrected god's "soul" will need to rest within the second component for a number of days equalling the number of years since death. Once this time has elapsed, the gem will shatter, and the reborn god will have power equalling that of a demi-god, regardless of previous status. If the gem is shattered before the resting time has elapsed, the wizard who cast the spell is sucked into the void, without a saving throw.
The material components for the spell are an object made of cold iron, shaped into the holy symbol of the dead god; a star ruby of at least 5,000 gp in value; and a piece of physical remains of either a priest, a temple, or a sanctuary of the god to be aided.

Immortal Ascention:

     This spell is used to transfer the "immortal" status of another individual
into the caster. It must be cast within the vicinity of an immortal who is
either unconscious from wounds, soul trapped, or dying from poison; in other
words, defenseless but not quite dead.  Such a spell can be disturbing to
certain gods and immortals and for that reason, it has been locked away for
quite some time.

     There are nine immortals in existence at one time: one for each way of
life. An immortal can be of any race, and walks the earth as others of its kind.
Also, an immortal is not an avatar. When an immortal dies, there is no specific
god attached to it, that would in turn die also.

     Normally when one immortal is killed, the major god of that alignment
sphere chooses another mortal to take the deceased place. This spell takes away
the godly decision, and forces the immortal powers into the caster. However, one
cannot become the immortal of a given sphere unless one is of that sphere. If a
wizard casts the spell in the presence of a dying immortal of a different sphere
the spell does not function, and the major god of that sphere will definitely
punish the caster.

     If the spell is successful, the recipient of this spell will gain the
following abilities:
        The caster would not age. He would not affected by ageing from casting, or
being the recipient of, certain spells (wish, gate, or haste, for example will
not affect them).
        The caster would have a higher resistance to any magical effect of a normal
wizard. 
        The caster would not be affected by the innate aura effects of any god (i.e.
charm, fear, hopelessness, suggestion, peace).
        The caster would have a limited sight into the events of the near future. The
benefits of this "sight" are a higher defense on attacks made against him.
        Finally, the caster's mind cannot be scanned by any means (ESP, know alignment,
etc.). However, his abilities do not prevent scrying, though it may be possible
for an individual of this calibre to have additional protections.

     Though all of this make it seem like one would be invincible, remember, the
new immortal can be killed by any normal means, as long as the means surpasses
all the additional defences that immortals are entitled to.

